i asked her once why a hummingbird? &amp; she told me a beautiful story about visiting mexico &amp; watching them dive &amp; hover next to waterfalls.
a momento she picked up on a trip to berlin after a night of heavy drinking &amp; fast disco tek. her friends got roses. she wanted wings.
a light kept blinking outside the darkened window. blue.reminding me of a small hummingbird tattoo she had on her left shoulder.facing right
moon of pearls, drunk and visionless.
all i really wanted was a nice dinner. a fine dinner. a dark lit corner with string lights. eating lemon basil linguini &amp; drinking a pinot.
je veux savoir qui vous êtes vraiment.
i wanted to say something. a joke. a sappy metaphor. some semblance of communication. but instead i sat. stung by silence &amp; unable to speak.
"is that such a bad thing?" she asked with one eye cocked in my direction. "this is paris after all."
"im afraid if we wrote together we would end up writing about each other and then maybe fall in love," i said half jokingly.
"your metaphors are priceless," she said grabbing hold of her ankles and stretching toward the sun. "you should write with me."
"but isn't that life?, i said.a raging calm inferno of tranquility swirling inside a violent peaceful sad joyous world. to me the sea is us"
"how come you've never written about the sea," i asked. "too much of an enigma," she said. "and it lacks definition. its unruly."
love curves and it bends and it draws us in.
simple. 
i think I'll just ride. never think for awhile. lay down all my thoughts. tangle in the breeze.
tin struck luck in a pail of memories, collecting wishes by the old red barn.
my eyes rolling over windswept valleys and fantastically craggy peaks, the wild calling me home.
so i sent off some stuff to get published. well see. im only half as good as i should be. so not holding my breathe.
i was real. honest. &amp; unimaginable confident. and i failed. miserable. alone. and heartbroken. emptied yet again, by love fleeing elsewhere.
a nobodies somebody, someday wanted, to be somebodies nobody with.
with her as my ink and the day as my page, i wrote the universe i wanted.
 Jacques Lacan
loud. the sun was loud. the grass was loud. everything was loud. and i could sit in silence. wonderstruck.
have fun riding this weekend. you ridiculously charming quiet talking dream seeking natural wonder of sapphire earth. see ya in the clouds.
i laugh. we're still young. and the world is there. why not take it all.
u remind me of someone born in the vastness. limitless. without shape or definition. flowering uncontrollably in the empty womb of creation.
i met you in twinkling eyes, and pressed lips of poetry.
til the day i let go and watched my words take on a life of their own, unraveling in ways i could hardly fathom nor ever hope to control.
i sorta kinda had a thing for you once upon a time wonderfully believing it would all work out in a twisting turning heart spinning fantasy.
the only path to lasting happiness is to do things that seem impossible.
my head full of music, my heart awash in wine.
leaning back in my seat to finish a second glass. closing my eyes for a time to feel the live jazz music playing in the background...
"definitely," I said as i watched her eyes stare into the glass holding on to a confused feeling coiling itself around the stem.
"i love y...," she started to say before correcting herself. "i love this wine. don't you. i think we need to grab a bottle for tonight."
to which we both paused to reflect, simultaneously noticing are glasses were empty &amp;the bottle still half full. saying drink me.drink me now
"maybe life is supposed to be lived with just a few meaningful possessions &amp; mostly filled with rich experiences," I said in kind.
"yeah you're right. that's exactly what i want to become. entirely holistic. just erase everything else. streamline my entire existence."
"the image that comes to mind is a wheel with many spokes. and the yoga sits at the center running off into everything else. very holistic."
"seems so much more authentic and real in that context than just flipping out a mat when you feel like it..."
"it was really cool. i especially noticed the difference in how we view yoga as a lifestyle choice. where as to some Indians its there life"
so what did you think of the exhibit i asked her hoping she would put aside her pen for the moment and look up. she did.
@studiodapuzzo @AnaDApuzzo chihuly is a true magician. incredible glass work.
"fair enough."sensing her stubbornness as she continued scribbling down words &amp;pulling thoughts out of thin air.such priceless determination
"you're a writer &amp; u hate typing?" I said laughing."yes. &amp; it hurts my neck to always be looking down &amp; i dont really want to talk about it"
"why don't u just type in your phone," I suggested. she looked up tilting her head back &amp; pulling on her dark hair. "because i hate typing."
i could hear her muttering fuck, as the table refused to stay still for very long, clearly in need of some socialist fixing.
she wrote and i sipped. a longing silence tethering us to a thin black metal table with one very anxiously loved wobbly leg.
after the exhibit we sat outside in the sun drinking wine by the river and not really caring about anything too much.
a much harder tell to decipher for sure. as we yin yanged our way into the yoga exhibit and i turned off my phone completely.
i didn't have the heart to tell her that I was ambidextrous. doing some things with my left hand, some things with my right.
"yes. i did. because you're a gentleman &amp; you're left handed." she said. "I give up, you are psychic." allowing her to savor the moment.
"well did u know I was going to open the door for u with my left hand,"i said entering the museum as a rush of cool air hit my sandaled feet
she was right. my thoughts were empty. "good guess," I said. "it wasn't a guess. you always smile when u lose your thoughts. its your tell"
"Oh I'm already psychic." "what am I thinking right now then?" as I looked over at her half shaded cheek. "you're thinking nothing."
"perhaps when the tranquility of your question is met with a splashing wave upon your face, you'll become rather psychic."
"what would you ask it," I said. "i would ask it to show me my future, she said. "not because i want to know it but because i can't."
"I would enjoy that too. maybe go to Corsica and stare at the sea and ask it questions like my dream," she said joking out loud.
"I'd like to go out on a boat too. never did that down there but always wanted too. sounds idyllic. after the initial motion sickness."
"that can be arranged, " she said with a smile briefly pulling down her shades to check a text caught in the glare of yellow light.
"um, when it's warm, maybe July, and can drown myself in beach life, ya know, get too drunk, eat too well, burn in the hot liquid sun."
one could imagine. i did. before astrid opened her mouth. "so when are u coming to visit me in the south," she said as we continued to walk.
or perhaps they had some secret side deal &amp; this was all a symbiotic ruse to get the birds to crap over someone else's patio restaurant.
smart birds I thought. adapt.change. evolve. snatching food scraps inevitably dropped from the backs of trucks by men to lazy to clean it up
talking silence for so long, my mind picking up on a strange connection between birds swooping down &amp; food delivery trucks parked outside.
wearing white to her pink, and reminding me of a magnolia tree, we clamored through the wilting streets glazed in a hazy urban greyness.
astrid &amp; i left for the art exhibit in the early afternoon. a little too bright for our eyes.both forced to wear sun glasses like the stars.
flow / rhythm \ quivering genius /of waves \ made flesh / sky like
hypnotized by the origin of life. the blue sea. a mask for the earth. a glove of knowledge absorbing all manner of light, time, and energy.
and i looked upon the water waiting for it to blink. hoping to find a crease of imperfection.but the lines just drew me in.soft.mesmerizing.
tranquil. 
but first i wanted to listen to a new record i bought a few days ago &amp; it needed to be played in the morning to fully appreciate its sound.
on none other subject than ancient mystical texts from india, yogic to be exact. i told her we should go. if she wanted. and she did.
curiously silent. we both sat &amp; paused for a moment while taking a few sips before i proceeded to mention a new art exhibit at the louvre.
"yes. something like that. being in your presence does stimulate my thoughts. perhaps it's a mystical thing. i don't really know."
half befuddled and amused i walked back over to the table to sit down with two cups in my hand. "so like I'm your muse?" i said.
"i come because of you," she said adding a tinge of poignancy. "i write better around you. i don't know why but i do. it just happens."
while getting up to make more espresso. "so why do u come here anyways," i asked. "not exactly a writers colony, too many distractions."
"well fortunately for your words I do not own a fireplace here in paris, so they will be safe in these walls" laughing with her...
"if you're not committed it will turn to shit and you'll soon find yourself with 300 pages desperately trying to escape into the fire."
"so you only write what you want too?" "of course. it's terribly inefficient &amp; often a struggle but there is really no other way...
"i don't know, she said."at least not yet.i write &amp; write until something grabs me.makes me grasp for oxygen. &amp;becomes an urge of pure want"
"so what's your next book about," I asked watching her scribble down notes in the margins of a printed text laid out on the wooden table.
i have a perfectly exacting memory &amp; dreams nor no dreams would convince me otherwise. gradually knocking my knuckles on wood just in case.
ha.i said laughing into my cup &amp; brushing off the thought of getting anxious over something i neither believed was true nor cared to explore
oh yes of course she said that must be it or maybe you just dream and don't remember which would mean perhaps my memory is failing.
i told her i hadn't dreamt anything in a long time and thought maybe it was because i wasn't in love, &amp; had no stress, &amp; was fairly happy.
i told her it sounded like a good story to slip in one of her books. something no one would understand which is everything a novel is &amp; isnt
over coffee we talked about a dream she had standing over water &amp; asking it for directions &amp; it didn't really make sense to either of us.
my nice writer friend, astrid, who lived in the south was staying with me for a few days to do some writing and hang out.
as my eyes adjusted to the quiet light of dawn i heard a buzzing sound coming from the kitchen while smelling dark ground beans of espresso.
i slept &amp; woke up on the floor. having rolled off the couch sometime in the night.it was hot &amp; muggy &amp; i think my body tried to cool itself.
there's a world out there. a living. breathing. breathtakingly beautiful world and it's a crime to spend all your life imagining it away.
i didn't want any of that. no thank you. no awful ambitionless drag &amp; endless daydreaming. never been one for all thoughts &amp; no action.
i had doubts. naturally. was i talented enough. would someday i fail to improve &amp; get lost in a sea of mediocracy. a void behind a desk.
each new night unbound to climb these vast illusions.
my thumb hurts. taking a break for awhile.
is that sometimes other people can be heaven too. which is something every hookup, every new opportunity, teaches us directly.
but what he failed to add &amp; may have purposefully left out, on the account you'd go discover your own existence...
sarte once said other people are hell. which is true.sometimes.like being on the subway &amp; the lights go out &amp; u suddenly feel claustrophobic
i write because of a woman i shook hands with once. and you go around believing nobody is very important. well to somebody they are...
i prefer the walking, talking, backwards you. the one that sways in reverse and sets her eyes on surprise endings.
bone luck. dry as a riverbed in july. parched and clamoring for hope.
@SpiritsTempest illumination.
something about that just fit her naturally like the way she rode horses, all focused and looking ahead with pure utter zealotry.
i thought there may be roses poking out of her heart or perhaps i simply smelled a scent she was wearing. some spritz of heavenly pink.
@SpiritsTempest levitate my mind :)
i don't look back. of course you don't. your like every other star. so eager to burn, you might actually succeed at disappearing completely.
i have money. my life isn't boring. that's you think. but someday you'll look back &amp; wish you had filled your life with stories &amp;not things.
well flowers do pretty well all alone, don't they? well u do have point. maybe u don't need anyone to be happy. but it seems awfully boring.
can't argue with that. but surely light only turns a corner when it reflects, so I'm not sure how one ever progresses alone by themselves.
i don't know.maybe.maybe i was really bitter inside &amp; needed to discover everything on my own. far away. w/out anyone telling me how to live
i like you. just not in the way you think. i don't think anyone sees you like i do. and maybe that's what confuses you so much.
golden. golden. these conscious dreams awoken. 
nothing but nothing to do but walk and hold out our hands...
the hazy blues of night starting to filter down from the sky. a feeling as if we were putting on a new pair of softer, quiet, rippling eyes.
"let's just walk around and stroll wherever," she said finishing off the final drop of her wine. "a detournement? sounds perfect," I said.
"so what should we do tonight," i said. gazing over at her sun beaten brow tipped forward haloing in echoes of smooth golden light.
its a beautiful thing when nobody knows &amp; everything is being extended infinitely everywhere &amp; u cant help but say oh my god, no way, really
everyone is happy because someone is making them happy &amp; its all happening outside as the happiness of everyone consumes everything forever.
gripes of gobbledegook and wine that tastes of mushrooms and yellow noise wafting through the air, the streets bustling with laughter...
he was like a slow burning brush fire refusing to be entrapped by her. making the flames of desire grow wild with drought like envy.
giving in to the virtue of nothingness &amp; utter tranquility of continual emptiness. a utopia in the truest sense, literally, no place....
"i let the sound of the waves polish me like a stone," she said now closing her eyes &amp; looking ahead. and i followed suit.
"have you ever meditated before?," she inquired.  "I'm familiar with zen. you know. don't think. just be. awaken. breathe."
"would you like to join me?" she asked. "i suppose. but if i fall asleep please tell me you'll wake me so i don't burn away in the sun."
"are ugoing to meditate?" I asked recognizing the ritualistic aspects of her demeanor. cocking her head to the side, "absolutely."
"no don't be ridiculous, she laughed. "we can share this space. i won't bother you." as she stuck a stick of incense in the sand &amp; lit it.
"I'll move to another spot," I said as she sat down &amp; pulled up the sleeves of her white linen shirt revealing a wrist full of colored beads
i stared at the screen in amusement before handing it back to her. "well that is an incredible coincidence," i said.
"here. gps." she said handing me her phone with a map app open &amp; a tiny red dot blinking.
"sorry for the noise," she said as she pulled out a water bottle &amp; a phone, which to my eyes must been the tinged metal collision i heard.
"no. this is my spot." she continued taking something out of her bag that clanked like metal &amp; set itself off against the hushing waves.
"you're spot?," I replied. "it appears there are a lot of spots here," motioning with my hands pointing at the empty vastness on both sides.
momentarily looking down the beach both ways &amp; seeing so much open space I couldn't help but smile back at the absurdity of what she said.
"you're in my spot," she said in a very non-hostile friendly kind of way. making me feel awkwardly comfortable &amp; knowingly confused.
i said hello in kind as she plopped down her tanned canvas bag in the sand &amp; pulled back her long hair with a tie &amp; a twinkle in her cheek.
that was until I heard an unexpected voice from behind say hey there, looking back to see a tall woman with dark sable hair &amp; mazzarine eyes
i walked further on down the beach to where i thought no one but me existed taking a seat in the warming sand intent on doing nothing.
not the same.not separate.but linked. yes linked. in an intrinsically undefinable way. making me believe the yogis id passed had blessed me.
and as i took a few long stares out to sea, its surface lighting up in scales of glittering crystals, i found myself conjoined to its beauty
and generally we just accept them as noise, background, ephemerality, but either way, it made one feel interconnected to everything.
we have no words to describe these events so we call them experiences but we don't even what they really are, if there mystical or mundane.
profoundly altering our awareness of things we perceive, but only in a partial and incoherent manner, like bits of scattering information.
reminding of a book I recently read about the power of non-places, or empty spaces,acting as ritual passages between states of consciousness
briefly passing between the waves &amp; curves of yogis,inhaling the salt and burning incense like i myself was on some transcendental journey.
the sun slightly peering below the pink horizon as a few people showed up to do yoga &amp;meditate in search of that elusive new age soul smack.
soft cool sand smudging my soles and barely leaving a print above densely packed grains of grounded up quartz, silicon dioxide to be exact.
i decided to take a walk along the shore following the faded lines left by the tide in typical zig zaggedy like imperfectly perfect fashion.
beach. 
transitioning myself to the come what may outlook that so often finds you on the precipice of certain travel as an unknown known.
suddenly excited now as i mentally prepared visually for heading to Berlin with nothing but a solid attitude &amp; a perfectly open mind.
and i really was deep in thought, steeping my mind in history, when my phone buzzed &amp; i looked &amp; it was sven with the reply "stimmt".
it must be have been fascinating to tell tall tales to all those who had never sailed the sea &amp;found it to be long,merciless, &amp;quite boring.
how could they ever know. I. a modern. would be reading their crazy sketches &amp; calling bluff that giant serpent snakes really ever existed.
strangely. i found some really good ideas for my writing in the these nonsensical maps obviously imagined by 14th century opiate addicts.
flipping through the pages of an old dusty map book full of ridiculous looking sea faring charts complete with even fabled monster warnings.
as i waited &amp; waited for sven to reply, i stared at the wall dreaming up good book titles before actually deciding to just start reading one
for some reason, well I know the reason but would rather not say, we always hung out on neutral territory &amp; berlin had a great night life.
so i left a simple text instead with a one word message, "berlin". which was shortened code for, hey let's go party in Berlin this weekend.
not because he ever slept nor was strung out on anything superficially enlightening but because he DJ'd at clubs well into the morning hours
&amp; some telepathic epiphany telling me to pick up the phone &amp; give my friend Sven a ring who was typically unavailable at this late hour.
nobody knew for sure how it began &amp; it probably started in the middle of a rainstorm,with an open door, &amp;a flash of lightning across the sky
i refuse to be made less than anything but absolute forgiveness.
too humble to be all palms and no magic.
fringe loving madness, marry me in the moonlight of dreams...
horribly happy missing you endlessly and never wanting to know how time could have been so cruel as to sweep us apart.
if there was more love i don't know where it would go the rivers seem overflowing with it now.
un azzurro baciami...
and your smile catching the twilight just right. not a shade too dark. not a shade too light. a cyan green and happy cerulean...
I think of u. languishing in the long wild grasses of a Mediterranean summer. your hair flowering in the wind. ur lips breathing in the sea.
she laughed and i smiled and a river of stories flowed between us in currents of red wine and tiny cakes made with lemon verbena.
i wasn't sure if we went on an adventure together we'd ever come back. i wasn't sure we could ever stop chasing the other's light.
free to travel. free to roam. climb the stairways of each unknown...
"u only live once," i said. ignoring all manner of warnings &amp; proceeding to take a chance on kissing something so wrong &amp; right &amp; beautiful.
"you do realize I'm a wandering gypsy who will break your heart," she said piercing me gently with her bright eyes.
"so what you're trying to say is i put the sun inside you," she mused. "right. the sun, the moon, the stars, &amp; a few twigs from the forest"
"like suddenly i had all this courage to dream,courage to live, to go &amp; do things i had never done before. everything felt orange &amp; glowing"
"did I really remind you of the ocean?," she asked. "of course. but more than that. you were like a flood of waves drowning all my fears."
"you mean that terrible poetry nobody else has ever seen," I replied laughing. "i think maybe i could write a little better now."
"yeah your heart is pretty hollow," she said with a smirk. "although I think I heard it echo one time. u know, the words u wrote for me."
i laughed."absolutely. maybe I'll get a tattoo of that emblaz'd across my chest next to the 'hey there' already inked above my hollow heart"
"I didn't think they'd make a difference," i continued. staring off to the side. "well certainly your silence made a difference,"she smiled.
"u know u could have just told me how u feel," she said biting her lip to the side. "i could have. if i thought words were enough" i said.
@hgracestewart thx for the encouragement. well put. :)
@hgracestewart lol. currently on my shelf waiting for me to sell out. not there yet. but thx for the unimaginably kind words. :)
but I'm not. and it doesn't. and I'm stuck inside this mortal shell. a coiled kundalini of misunderstandings.
if i were an alien the world would make perfect sense.
trouble is I'm always happy. the sorta, kinda, always tethered to the edge of tomorrow, horribly optimistic, born inside the sun, happy.
or maybe just a three o'clock hey there, let's blow this joint, would have been enough to suffice. take a slow ride through fresh country.
maybe we'd grow wings and become like dark angels flying over mountains, sunsets, forests, and rivers. soaring vast on colorful illusions.
i thought perhaps if we kissed the world might end. well my world. our world may very well have survived in flurry of poetic sunlight.
and yet it was you, whose intelligent tapestry, read like some sacred scripture, half silhouetted in the shadows of a black &amp; white dress.
honestly I just liked the way you laughed and held a cup of coffee and slowly pulled down your black sunglasses to stare at me religiously.
currently in love with a cherry tree that cant decide if its deep red or shallow pink &amp; something about its changing mood has captivated me.
@AnaDApuzzo idyllic. :)
and i laughed. allowing the silliness of a thought to spin in the wind and carry on its nothingness.
no control. vulnerable. every seed relying on faith alone. blessed time pummeling its sheath and stirring it's soul to spring forth.
picked up this seed as i sat there and had myself an epiphany about how things break their shells to grow and flower and flourish carelessly
sun poking through the holes in my jeans. boots so muddy i might as well collapse on the grass. revel in long uncertain breathes of nowhere.
a wondering daisy seeking the full elixir of life's many mis-adventures.
@3blackheart
half open buds of much smaller trees flickering in temptation at a glowing mist of light blanketing the sky with my eyes rolling beneath it.
woke up to this fog and everything lost for awhile. spiraled illusions snaking round tall northern pine.
all the pain, hurt, and warming sadness of a world turned to joy in the coloring rain of incurable night dreaming madness.
red lights and green lights and pretty blue lights bruising the atmosphere with uncontrollable visions of soft luminous electric beauty.
and i love it all so much. this nowhereness of life in absolute wonder unraveling, happy invisible, empty beautiful, a bright shooting star.
pulses of black and midnight and every shade of dark swirling inside my magical mind dreaming everything the universe seems to ignore.
wings of shadows gliding over these small gems of the earth.reflected pools of street lamps nobody cared to notice but i am free to revel in
riding through the laughing rain in a slick red coat, gripped by some new grand idea striking, like thunderous thoughts of yellow lightning.
and i loved. loved like a warm confessing heart of snakelike shedding. hissing to natural rhythms of spring renewal.
@GnosisNeurosis 4x6? 5x7? 8x10? or 17x11?
― Salvador Dalí 
Philippe Halsman... 
but soon it was crystal clear to me she was nobodies somebody &amp; i desperately tried to imagine why but quickly gave up &amp; just fell in love.
how could nobody be with her i thought. this loud giggling delicately sweet curvy intelligence must surely be someone's heart felt keepsake.
but something about her stuck. star struck. dipping into my mind like an out of control firefly lighting things up i didn't know went dark.
and maybe too i thought it was a little priceless and a bit insane how she made her own rules and rubbed everyone the wrong way.
talking on her phone at exceptionally high rate of speed as if somehow the words would move faster through the same electronic wires.
at first I had doubts because she was loud and i was quiet. because she was different, always closing doors &amp; walking around barefoot.
to use your talent to inspire others rather than promote yourself. what could possibly be more beautiful that that. absolutely nothing.
on a side note. i think the greatness of Shakespeare is that no one knew who he was. imagine the egolessness of it. rather supernatural.
you all write so beautifully that i think I'll be uncharacteristically silent for awhile.
@TheStarsBreathe lol, ok. I think. thx for perfect compliment. :)
"laugh it up, I thot jokingly. "a strange twist of fate is headed your way. &amp; i sense a change in the air. a definite shift in perspective."
"u wrote because of me?"she asked. "are u out of your mind?" "absolutely, i said, "feelings do that to u. they tend to grow beyond yourself"
intelligence, though rare, is without compare.
@SpiritsTempest inside a room in my mind trying to understand the complexity of jungian theory. lol
light bouncing around my body like a spiritually awoken tulip unfurling its petaled consciousness.
gem like. dream like. a kaleidoscope of soft pale mirrors descending from the sky landing strange on my iris.
felt so relaxed and empty like a clear and polished stone unable to find where it began and ended. just lines &amp; shapes extending everywhere.
sat outside in a small zen garden meditating with a tree and its tiny shoots collecting watered droplets from fresh moist air.
pile my love in a mossy utopia and let the decay nourish me endlessly.
if not an artist, then what life could ever suffice...
purple tulip. 
eyes blinking telepathic thank you's to my long gone stranger friend. my mind now full of the purple tulip i would sketch this afternoon...
little tiny beads of sky slipping down the tulips side dropping onto fingers gently gripping the stem.
i got off at the next station and felt an awkward joy carrying around a solitary  flower as it drizzled light rain.
I half smiled surprised and delighted. seeing into her eyes a love for something, perhaps someone, that could not be contained.
a flower to brighten your day, she said. handing me a purple tulip from her colored bouquet as she got up to leave the train.
i had everything to do but return this kindness offered so graciously in my hands by a complete stranger.
the sad poetry of shameless kissing and huddled skin. deep as bone. warm as dark honeyed lust. glazed a dull golden beautiful.
tugging at my desire. now thumping with ritualistic need and heightened senses. intimate lines of longing forming like beads of gentle rain.
muteless. as her eyes and hands wrecked the quiet stillness of my thinking peace. tossing my book into the dark corner of endless space.
she got up to see what I was reading. walking towards me like a thin drizzle of mist intent on clouding my intelligence. she succeeded.
these sheets seem satisfied with no answers to life's burning questions. perhaps the thread count is too high to understand my absurdity.
is it a coincidence i wonder. how many trains are going by right now all over the world. maybe staring out the window in smokeless shadows.
a train rattles in the distance as if on time.as if awake.rolling thru a tunnel of sound. mysteriously making my feet cold. a sigh of relief
not while it rains. not in this heat. not when the wine has been drunk and all i have is this mind to cling too in the foggy dew of night.
she's lying there nude on the coach wondering what I'm thinking but I can't understand her silence the way she wants me too.
making a new start. starting from solitude in the rain. me and these drops. wet and weary eyed. formless and blurred.
rain in my soul. so sad yet full of joy.
wishing this mirage was really you.
beautiful. beautiful. the night moon shimmering on water.
maybe if i write you a novel you'd like me a little more. maybe i could find a way to put those blue diamonds back in your eyes. maybe.
night gems buried above clouds made of rubbled blackness.
you and i were made for a different world.
smells like summer. like unlocked doors and sandalwood. smells like you.
@SpiritsTempest clever. interpretation of dreams...there's your big sign. I mean unconscious symbol.
@SpiritsTempest lacan or freud? and yes it matters.
time conquering all that hard work. burying it in a pile of disillusion.
MR htt…
i wouldn't really call it a life. but i guess it works for passing the time. i mean you can't get any of that time back but you accept that.
i think that's why most people join groups and organizations. to blend in rather than stand out. it's comfortable being a brick in the wall.
other than her. i don't really get inspired by people. there's really not a lot of interesting lives being led. it's a rare quality.
i had a muse once. a beautiful Italian woman with flawless olive skin. bright and funny. horse lover. a real gem. hope she's doing well.
sketching you. as you saw me. a fleeting thought. a whim. a simple flight of fancy. a dream to be cut loose.
"you were like the ocean to me. so unfathomable I could hardly breathe. and I wrote to escape these feelings that lived inside me," i said.
"and when I'm with you. I don't know where I'm going. and I think you've probably broken every compass with that echoing heart of yours"
"you're just so damn interesting. i don't know how you do it. but you make me feel so alive. and im crazy about you. crazy as a purple moon"
disappeared into love forever.
swallowed by the night. reborn in its vastness.
thick blue darkness. fading like twilight. like dust in the air.
nothing but a deep bond. a roll of the earth. a long and tumbling joy down the mountain.
fleurir. fleurir pour elle. or et rouge et merveilleux...
music like the sun. like you. shining radiantly. spokes of a thousand verses. written as vertical love notes.
feelings knew no bounds. as if all earth was connected through invisible strings. and i could sense her music wherever i would go.
standing on wild grass in bare feet. unshackled from concrete and order. feeling the mud sink in between these toes of curling freedom.
natures soul like a wild artist moved to create so fast nothing is ever signed. no credit given.an invisible signature of a majestic nobody.
i couldn't resist peering inside the tulips skin. curious. open. and ruptured inside. bleeding with stains of imperfect psychedelic ink.
sitting in unison. zen like. one with the tilting stem.inside the outside of me. becoming nothing more than an empty bloom of flaming color.
and i wondered among the spring miracles.drawn to a bright yellow red tulip casting perfect glow in the noon day sun. 
smiling with her as the sun came streaming thru the window. a moment suddenly elevated to a worthy footnote in the life of a budding artist.
"&amp; who knows.maybe this would be the beginning of something really big for u,I said.destinies tend to swerve toward the smallest of changes"
"ask him? definitely. convince him? I'll just make sure we've had a few drinks before I bring it up. I'm certain it could work."
"you're ridiculous," she said pausing to wonder for a moment before continuing. "so you would really do that for me?" she asked out loud.
"I think I could convince him to let you paint there. I mean I think it would be pretty cool. everyone sipping coffee staring at your art."
"yes but where do u get a mural at?", she asked me."I got an idea. I've got a friend who owns a cafe &amp;the inside is barren.blank white walls
"but seriously. this is something big. u need like a canvas ten times this size. like a huge mural. i have no doubt ppl would come see it."
"you have a way with words," she said smiling at me &amp; laughing. "yeah that's what people tell me," I said. chuckling enough to spill coffee.
"like how?", she asked. "like shades of something unconscious. ethereal. submerged between the waking eye and dreaming soul...
"you like my forests?" she mused setting down her brush and looking over the canvas. "like. no. love. yes. they feel transcendent," I said.
"the way you paint is so absolutely original," I said. "it's like im dreaming reality with you," staring into the dappled blues &amp; greens.
flooded mind. acrylic envy. sketches of spain. the ecstasy at dawn. morning light dipped in colors. on the brink of serendipitous fortune.
lily has her art and nothing makes me prouder than seeing how she made it. painting her way into the big time.
far from where i want to be. a path paved in uncertainty. but its really okay. different alright but someday I'll be fine with where I'm at.
spring by my side. summer on my mind. these days getting longer. warm nights loving a little stronger. looking ahead. no turning back.
@mickey_angel27 merci. thank you for the kindest of words. :)
i think it would be really beautiful to always be so entirely vast and forever unknown and just want to write for no one but you.
imagining sparks singeing creatively. driven by nothing but the afterglow of exulted prose exploding in lustful ambition.
surely i could fly on my own, i thought. spread these ravened wings and soar in the high moonlit reflection of a cool burning sun.
and the bohos of barcelona beat their drums, laughing in sunsets, &amp; earth stained love, briefly hollowing out the magical music of darkness.
clearer. full of vision. a one day miracle. ascending alone.
without you. i am free. scared. electrified. by the lightning of possibilities. striking at the root of all indecision.
gone. the road less traveled now. never nearer. fleeting. like utopias of yesterday's crumbling nostalgia.
conquering solitary illusions of my favorite window into the past. a coward to confines of moments never meant to last.
can't write. can't think. drifting museless among infinite stars. alive. weightless. to the deepening universe inside myself.
a kissed moment. all but sealed. like finely pressed wisdom.
none compares. to eyes glazed in the marbled truth.
dizzy under sunlight. bathed in brilliant flecks of speckled gold.
thought of you as the sky. as this vast and pale illusion. following me everywhere.
a care free wind whispering the softest most beautiful sounding name.
enchanted by crinkling leaves singing with afternoon delight.
solitary. confused. high as ever. mad for sunshine, rivers, and rainbows made of sticky pined tears.
and it didn't take long before i decided to live in the moment and beckon the wick that burns in vivid dreams...
warm memories unfolding like the pages of an invisible story. my mind writing the pauses between pregnant shadows and scattered light.
golden fang of the morning. sun snarled angst biting back.
rage on the shores of love receding into the vastness.
a thought of you.
and as i looked out at the waves crashing at sea i took hold of a thought i hoped would last all year. a thought of blue dreaming madness...
wash these spells from my eyes and cleanse me of these words forever. but do you mean it. i don't know. yes. maybe. no. ah forget it.
to be a faint star, barely there, naked on a moonless night...
everything had changed.something was different.i could feel it. a slight tilt in the axis of fate. a slide into passion smashing like atoms.
white moon, breaking open this tomb of darkness, glowing as softly, as my humbled soul.
@JSlover5 thx. appreciate it. :)
@JSlover5 hey. appreciate all the favs &amp; retweets but I'd prefer you just read &amp; enjoy them. :)
my desire for you is out of control.
she was like a dream, like a cloud, like a phantom, like a ghost, like a vanishing shadow, like a beautiful angel hovering above the mist...
once it started it could not end. as everything about her was made of new beginnings like spring had taken hold beneath her blooming skin.
the way the afternoon sun dipped across her wide grinning lips, fading deep into my smiling eyes,brimming w that sweet emptiness called love
knowing she was happy was everything. off in her little world. doing what she loved.
she loved horses after all. and what better place to be than at the center of it. casting shadows in a white dress. placing bets w her lips.
i thought of her. at the kentucky derby. wearing one of those funny hats. a blue to match her eyes. sipping a mint julip. smiling true.
so much art. so much life. so blessed.
mio azzurro portento.
we planted a flower in each other's eyes to bloom in the sun together...
sunset over barcelona. going to visit a few friends &amp; make art. be back in a few days. have a beautiful weekend. 
i love you like a never ending hello &amp; the disappearance of every goodbye.
jouissance. may day! lilly de la vallée.
freedom to be who we are. and let the wild be a bridge to all mankind.
and i always have you by my side. this beautiful ghost crawling up my skin and warming the air with vivid soul and true undying colour.
i could sit here and dream all day. dawn to dusk. nobody would care. the wild never seems to judge. not i, not you, not anyone.
maybe it didnt really matter. life demands an eyeless trust &amp; all i needed was a little faith beyond a speck of gold glimmering in the water
i wondered how often these words of expression &amp; spells of conjure made a difference.was i writing to the past,the present,some future self.
i took out a book from my pack &amp; wrote something in the margins.words i wanted to remember before they floated away in the trickling breeze.
felt a deep kind of quiet love, a shallow kind of sweet love, a skipping stones kind of happy love. just my own unconquerable solitude.
sat down by a stream and stretched my legs out. beneath a few large pebbled rocks. gazing into the morning glint of soft broken light.
took the sun as my witness &amp; the sky my compass &amp; decided to go explore. take a walk through willows of paling blue &amp; yellowing emerald.
there's something different now. i feel it all around me. but i don't know what it is. a change i have yet to fully understand.
too many sunrises without you. too many sunsets about you. and i wonder where all this color goes when it vanishes invisible.
his mind cubed and ruminating at the bottom of a rum glass.
tears i wept for no reason at all. tears of joy streaming down like rain.
@Olive_Byrne merci :) really appreciate the kind words. i enjoy reading you too. you write beautifully.
your light is buried so brightly in my mind even on cloudy days it shines.
took hold of a good feeling. never wanted to let go.
you mean the ocean to me.
feel what it's like to taste the shoreline on your lips, tongues breaking like waves, in the seas of our salty minds.
i want to know the smile that tugs at your eyes like the tide drawing me in.
@3blackheart nice one :)
i miss your wicked laughter &amp; uncomfortable stares but i know you're happy.somewhere. pearls never quite lose their luster or smiling shine.
#Rumi
 'Quietude'
#KeesVanDongen 
invite her to a museum.she'll decline. become an artist.hope one day ur stuff ends up there.so when she finally goes she says,no fucking way
in a world so numb, she made me feel, what more could anyone ask for.
stood at the foot of Pompeii. reminded me of the way your head turned, your eyes glared, &amp; your mind shot little black arrows into my heart.
bore me with your stories, I'll still remember them all.
i know i took the long way around your heart, but the road was just so damn scenic.
a pocket full of dreams and not much else. the life of every kid who grows up poor.
maybe this is how we're supposed to live. simple. with only a few possessions in our pockets.
somewhere between red lights &amp; green lights lies the blue light of my eyes.
a broken tail light was the most beautiful thing i saw today. it's jagged red hues sparkling in purple sunlight.
all the road of the present unraveling dizzily as if the streets of injustice had been shattered and everything went mad. #Baltimore
a mind so vast, you can not help, but roam it's forests.
@SpiritsTempest my mind is not for sale...
life isn't all about sun, flowers, and love. one must also be engaged intellectually.
injustice anywhere in the world is unacceptable. we don't have to accept living in a world buoyed by ignorance.
the question today is not why these things happen? it's why doesn't anybody in power do anything about it...it's disgusting
the people in suits are always the first to condemn the rioting, the looting, from their faraway homes and bank owned yachts.
i love seeing people bike to yoga. i imagine a future city run by yogi's who are far more enlightened &amp; engaging, than mindless bureaucrats.
absurdity is the only thing holding civilization together.
@lostandalone131 be careful. you might just find a door into john malkovich's brain under there. :)
and all my dreams were running free and i had no reason to care at all.
because i met you. knew you. i know your happiness is real.
fell in love with the kindest, cutest, barefoot walkin, intelligent talkin, horse-whispering girl.
i don't want to be a yes inside a maybe or a yes beside a no. i want to be a yes, yes, yes. absolutely.
because you will never know. because your mind said no.
be a mountain. be a star. just don't look down in envy.
moonlit tao. wondering the sky forever.
i let go of you a long, long, time ago. you can see it in my art. it just keeps getting better.
the only thing that really matters in life is what you hold onto and what you let go.
castaway. that was all i could ever become. nothing but a castaway in someone else's dream.
invade my mind to only get lost at sea.
midnight thoughts and shadow blooms.
a love like the tranquility of a never ending brook.
everything feels so new. so strange. so completely beautiful.
and there was magic in the river. real magic. a luminous sphere of sunken treasure... 
une promenade par la rivière et nos lèvres.
la ville lumière... 
wild and barefoot. bred to tall to fit in anywhere but beneath the bluest marbled sky.
laying in a field of sunny laughter. dreaming with the honey glazed grass.
thoughts of you beneath a waterfall because your natural beauty is exceptional at low light.
oh bright sun. how many days have we enjoyed together. and still you treat me so warm and kindly.
a little bit crazy. a little bit bad. the kind of girl who wore flames just to see if you'd take notice.
@happensindreams reminds me of the beautiful Navajo. great description. :)
she knew it. i knew it. we were beginning to reach the limits of friendship. and enter the unpredictable blur of something more.
and as i sat down to eat and finish my coffee we both sat in silence for enough time to realize something had changed. a wind had shifted.
"I like raspberry too. I would have given you the chocolate," she said smiling like an expert negotiator dealing with an amateur.
she laughed."i don't even care, I actually think it's kind of cute that you would put extra attention on the balance of equality between us"
"honestly. i didn't think it was fair that one of us got the chocolate &amp; the other got stuck with raspberry. so I made it equal."
i froze in a state of unrealization. what are the odds of that happening. well there's no time like the present for truth telling, I thought
"that's funny," she said. "because I just saw a tweet from the cafe that said "one chocolate croissant" left."
walking back to the table i handed her a pastry. "they only had raspberry left," I said, setting mine down across from hers.
suddenly it dawned on me i was mentally negotiating her happiness, like we were in a relationship &amp; i got the urgency to alter my decision.
i wanted chocolate too but clearly i would have to give it too her, looking back at her casually texting away on her phone.
up at the front i noticed there was only one chocolate pastry left. &amp; then some raspberry thing. u have too be f...ing kidding me I thought.
"i mean it won't fill your heart," I said. "but the sugar might spark your mind." she glared at me as I got up. "very amusing. chocolate."
"but first I'm going to have one of those terribly delicious pastries up front their," I said pointing. "do u want one?" "absolutely."
"yes language. we could spend hours on that subject," I replied pausing to reflect on the idea.
"and language," she added. tracing her fingers over the edges of the ivory cup, leaning forward with intent to listen.
i laughed. "i think Lacan believed in love, just not the idea it would make u whole. ur always going to desire.it's just a function of life"
"i don't ever want to become like that," she said. "i don't want to accept incompleteness as a way of life. fuck Lacan &amp; his theory of lack"
"well consider yourself lucky," I said. most ppl by their late twenties are so cynical about life, love, the very idea is scoffed at"
"I just have this big gaping hole in my chest &amp; it doesn't seem to go away when i eat. when i sleep. even when i drink. its always there."
"good friends can't date. it's just a general rule of the universe. if it happened. everyone would fall madly in love &amp; the world would end"
"i was afraid you'd agree with me. we think too much alike you and I. remind me why we're not in a relationship?" she said with a sigh...
"we are both mad &amp; this is definitely a circus," using both my hands to illustrate the space around us. extending. like an idea being freed.
"are we mad,"she said grabbing my left hand as her eyes grew big &amp; funny."please tell me we're not mad. &amp; this isn't all just one big circus
"i mean what are we even doing here? it's the like we're writing the same story over &amp; over. and it never turns out differently."
"do you ever want to get lost? just leave all this behind," i asked her as we traded sips of intelligence &amp; coffee. "all the time,"she said.
morning light passing on the train and the prettiest eyes you've ever seen moving through the reflection of a windowpane.
café a meilleur goût avec un ami.
people who are disconnected from land, from gardens, from natural life, have little else to seek but power over others...
night becomes day but everything stays the same.
@Asterias_Hand way cool. :) nice  timing
tell me about the time you rode along the ocean and your hair was wet with sand and you swear you saw the sea blink at your beauty.
and i like the crimson smudges your lips leave on a glass as you devour it's sweetness.
you're so cool and talkative. yet all i can hear is how your eyes trace the rim of a glass of wine.
and thoughts of her. this silver dust. still new in my memory.
nothing on my mind but the road. the wind. the paved ecstasy of now.
i got on my motorcycle to head back to town. riding into the sun. as it came down from its high and bled the sky in periwinkle orange.
and as i watched her lips take a final drag i saw a glimpse into her eyes twinkling in the golden glow of the mountains. audaz &amp; milagro...
"milagro," I said pointing to the left side of the range. "why milagro?" she asked. "because something that immense is beyond comprehension"
"of course they do,"she shot back. eyes convinced as her hair draped in curled tangles. "audaz. that's what i naming the right one. ur turn"
"i don't think they need names," i replied blowing smoke in the wind and watching it vanish like something that never existed.
"i think we should name these mountains," she said.using her left hand to form invisible waves along the ridges silhouetted in the distance.
we smoked two cigarillos in the back of an old Spanish stable smiling towards the emerald field trailing off into the mountains.
i sketched her frown so i could turn it upside down.
i crossed the river to stand in sunlight.
right now. 'a moment' 
feeling pressed leaves between your fingertips. softly reading the creases of tulips.
earthquakes in nepal. yet still no freedom for tibet. the earth has shaken. the buddha's bell has rung. but the suffering continues.
riots in baltimore. a small cry from the cherry trees of dc. beauty seems as disconnected as ever. tragedy blooms dystopia.
we become the fiction we tell ourselves.
i feel like im in another country when im with you. even your borders speak of rolling freedom and azuline truths.
gold skin brushed by starlight. and even the wind feels magical.
vast unconquerable blues like ancient noise hovering new.
a day as narrow as its path and as wide as it's thoughts our empty.
une fleur peut parfois être le seul espoir que vous voyez dans le monde.
midnight in the bloom of final awareness.
@willvastine a lawyer is always the best option, lol. letterhead does wonders for motivation.
obsolete. indifferent. silent as ever.
i think somewhere along the line your beauty became a mausoleum.
borderless souls rising like incense.
collisions of stars millions of years in the making
shadows and emptiness.
the night is nothing but a tomb of dreams encased by darkness.
shades of somber revelations
melancholy and infinite grayness
where the essence of our recycled lives saturates the roots of a great &amp; mighty sequoia.
a lust as loud as stilettos skipping over concrete.
a whisper as soft as a willow tree brushing against the mossy floor.
banking on the idea we'd meet again. in another life. when the shores of our consciousness were no longer flooded with drowning ambition.
gaining our momentum in the flow of raging blues and lapping turquoise foam. passionately stirred into new &amp; different directions.
we were two rivers meeting &amp; departing. momentarily sharing the same vitality for life. the same sense of destiny to escape into the sea.
in a world of screens the image becomes everything to the uneducated mind.
and yet it's her river of intelligence which i admire the most.
there's lavender in her hair and wild meadows in her eyes.
she reads. she writes. she knows things ive never thought. she's every unexpected surprise.
i wouldn't miss any of them. i knew they all had lives of their own.
to clear my thoughts completely. to watch them trail off into every winding street.
i sat outside to bask in the sunlight. and to breathe in fresh air.
real love is never uttered, it's felt.
@waternymphet7 greek and androgynous.
i think I'll just put the sun in my pocket and carry it around for little while and see if it's warmth can cure all my troubles.
the mind is but a piece of the puzzle of some vast unknowable reality.
i like music. but i don't think life is music. i don't think life is art. I think you limit yourself thru definitions of a thinking mind.
@karayaslihan chopin. one of the best :)
to live is to suffer. but we do not have to suffer alone. we can be compassionate &amp; help those who face unimaginable tragedies.
&amp; i thought of all the bhodisattva's that ever lived &amp; the great spirit of compassion surely hovering over Nepal at this very moment.
if today was lived so thoroughly, i thought it would all be worth it...
petals of fallen dreams cast to the morning wind.
waking to a new dawn and a hunger for life.
a treasure to be found in palm of your own understanding.
like taking a walk on the beach and hearing the boom of waves jostle loose some long lost truth once buried in the sands of your mind.
hoping something good will come of nothing.
passing through various states of existence we always seem to arrive back where started. in the dark. reaching for the light.
the world, being what it is, seems less concerned than we ever realize.
easy come. easy go. for a star stuck in the skies eternal show.
@lostandalone131 a flawless tragedy, for sure. lol
more. more sun. more endless moon light. more everything. more unquenchable thirst for life's golden knowledge.
speak to me in the language of the ocean. the depth of your words dissolving into the softness of waves.
how unique one can be if they are already themselves.
the spirit is difference.
and i just got lost in it all. dreaming. without a care in the world.
the sun spoke through bird laughter and the sounds of a trickling stream and the deep tones of a clear blue sky.
luminous emptiness of feelings unbound.
@waternymphet7 perfectly said. :)
i change my mind a lot which is probably why my heart is so consistent.
the future enters into us long before we ever realize...
each bloom, a gamble, a lucky star.

she had an orchid heart flowering inside her solitary soul that was both exceptionally rare and devastatingly fragile...
do i buy flowers or not? is it wrong to purchase such ephemerality on a whim they may just brighten my day whole and completely.
periwinkle jingos playing live banjos at a saturday morning market as the slow meandering walk thru of life continues in shuffling footsteps
cloudy truths and rivers of blue thoughts.
where would i go. what would i do. the things we forget to ask ourselves.
from red to blue to pink neon lights, these electric bars and ghostly streets spilling their confessions.
tipped hat, worn leather boots, a finely smoking cigarillo, leaning against a brick wall. midnight in the shadows of cowboys and monsters.
@lostandalone131 you should of used a gravity bong.
i think if our wings had met at the right time, we might have soared pretty well together...
i think ill have a glass of pinot and watch the moon grow big and write something very mysterious in the blackest ink.
@_amaranthiine sand and tides and lavender sunsets
sunsets and golden vibes.
drink a glass of sunlight, feel it sparkle down your throat.
cafe noir and carmine red.
@ACuriousHer
does she know how a seed becomes a forest. how a word becomes a novel. how the sun can break open a tulip &amp; pour out its psychedelic heart.
but does she? does she know. does she know how her eyes stopped my heart and how her soul moved it in a new direction...
eyes dancing through the wind like a wick in search of its flame.
@SpiritsMissing you'll know I've returned when the pages you've written about me blow open in your favorite journal as you write by the sea.
art is the willow of life.
monet wheat field 1881. 
with the day pulled back and the dawn trailing behind and a feeling the world was pushing ahead like a train derailed from space and time.
i hoped she was wrong. i didn't want to be found. i longed to disappear. to wear the night forever.
a mazarine moon so sweet it tastes of honeyed visions.
but when they do you'll know. as those eyes will be so bright. the only thing you'll see. is a world that shines inside with starry light.
u think u know someone until u don't. you don't know them until you do. the scattered remnants of who we are take a long time to come home.
and that's really the beautiful thing about jazz. you never hear it the same way twice. it's the same with meeting people. always different.
i think everyone we meet changes us. i dont think u can go through life unchanged.u can check out. ignore. forget. but change is inevitable.
why we settle for such a violent world i will never understand.
after reading the news i wondered how much greater are lives would be if all the money used to kill people was spent on something beautiful.
"you're like the daily chapstick to my salty cracked lips," she said. "you're like the brightest smile on a cloudy day,"i replied as we left
"maybe taking a walk is solving the worlds problems. you know, with the earth warming and all." 
"see there u go, always creative..."
"id rather chill with someone like you. you're like that catchy "loser" song by beck, too creative to be understood by anyone who isn't"
do you think I'm a loser? she asked. "why? because you'd rather take a walk then solve the worlds problems." I said sarcastically.
but where are we going? I asked. anywhere. its beautiful out &amp; the trees are blooming &amp; the air smells so good i dont want to waste a moment
and i had the the most colorful feeling in the briefest of moments as i strolled on by the yellow pink red orange tulips...
if you can write one good sentence. one good paragraph. you can write anything. never sell yourself short.
@TheStarsBreathe beautiful.
I'm sure it would a long smile, a wide smile, a vast &amp; rolling smile, along the trails, down the mountain, over streams, through the thicket
i just want to see the smile on your face as you grab hold of the leather saddle and swing up on the horse and settle into your element.
but really one should not contain their mind to just books. read magazines, junk mail, catalogues, articles,etc. good writing is everywhere.
world book day. what are you reading? me currently. tom stoppards play rock n roll. no one does dialogue better.
and I thought, if she's down with muddy boots and awkward yoga poses she's probably worth the whole damn trouble...
@lostandalone131 crasseux peut être l'amour
a love like poetry, like lines escaping the edge of a blank page.
@Quietandcurious really cool. :)
isn't that how all good things end. with a bang, a fade, a mystery...
it was her eyes. the prettiest shade of blue I'd ever seen. the perfect blue. not even the ocean nor the sky could match its hue.
time to move i think. find a future that's more alive than my past.
words mean nothing. i know this firsthand.
but whatever. i don't really know anything anyways. im as clueless as anyone else.
i mean how many new bistros does it take to finally be cured of the illusion that it's just coffee, just pastries, meaningless fluff.
things quickly lose their novelty and patterns begin to set in and you wonder what you ever liked about this place to begin with.
I think wherever u are u end up getting bored but maybe a bit more in cities because the buildings are always the same.it grows too familiar
you spend your whole life being taught to follow your thoughts and bury your intuition. but often it seems as if the latter brings more joy.
i don't think it's about trading one thing for another, but rather drawing closer to something that feels more true, which escapes words.
its kind of like seeing a beautiful flower. then going a bit further along a trail and seeing an even more beautiful flower. u desire better
the paradox is I'm in an ideal situation, but it's not enough. i have this strange need to start over. to change everything.
and i really want to feel different again. and feel like a foreigner to myself. and lose all my confidence. and become knowingly vulnerable.
it's not like i don't like where i am but i just feel I've exhausted its potential. my eyes, my thoughts, my skin feel all too familiar.
i took a trip this past week and saw all these beautiful new opportunities where i was. and realized maybe it's time for me to move on.
if i don't feel I'm getting better I just lose complete interest.
it's not just no longer having a muse, but i also feel maybe I've peaked. which means it's probably time to find a new art.
my writing has grown stale, like the crinkling of dried leaves in the sun. fragile enough to be torn in the wind and forgotten.
strolling across a barren field as the sun chased its shadow through breathing clouds. in the moment. the nothing but now kind of moment.
my feet stood barefoot in mud &amp; i never felt freer.as if the layers of earths past were mine too. &amp;we were on this journey of life together.
a pause. a broken stare. a cracked upper lip. the flaws that set us free.
though fleeting, the feeling was mutual.
stars burn alone for millions of years. your loneliness has barely begun.
you make something out of nothing because your fuel for life has long since expired. so take what you can get. no reward in holding out.
night is nothing but the earth spinning round &amp; your dreams taking notice.
what you can do. that's hot. what you talk about. not so much.
beauty fades. but talent ends up in museums. gets passed down to new generations. essentially lives forever. that's attractive.
you're not a monet. monet was incredibly talented. genetics is not a talent. real beauty is talent.
words as bold as lightning. as soft as luminous skin.
a passing thought as cozy as grey metallic clouds.
the struggle to catch a day already blurring into the next.
in love with how the sun makes me feel all orange inside...
rolling through stars and feeling good.
eyes laughing. lips laughing. ears laughing. beautiful tragedy of dying on the floor laughing...
I'm not always that humorous in my life but i think it's essential part of living. laughing cures about everything.
@Quietandcurious they weren't jumping on the couch like tommy cruise were they? lol
mystical thoughts collecting in shallow pools of reflected moonlight. rippled and wavy. dream-like.
shadows colluding in the silent corners of vertical assumptions. colorful buildings hiding there drag under the cover of dark.
more crow than king, more midnight than black, smoking a finely rolled cigarillo under the caw of haloing  street lamps.
ignited by words and smiles that taste like whiskey. taste like the burning truth.
I am nothing. I’m like someone who’s been thrown into the ocean at night, floating all alone.  ~iq84
elle porte le soleil sur ses lèvres, et baisers dans les rêves aromatisés oranges...
"good answer," she said grinning while biting down her upper lip. as the waves in the distance quickly drowned us in there noise once again.
"what about me?" she asked. "what shell do you think I am." "i think you're more like a shark tooth, rare enough to hold onto forever."
"well I can live with that," I said. "at least it's not a sand dollar. those crumble pretty quickly," recalling how fragile they were.
"um, maybe one of those purple &amp; creamy colored ones with the tiny bubbles poking thru, I like those" she said touching one hand to her neck
"thank you for objectifying me. it's nice to be aware of that," I said laughing. "so what kind of shell do I remind you of?", I asked.
"i think being around you can be a temporary paradise," she said smiling. "like a pretty shell i can wear around my neck for the summer."
"i like when u call me stupid. In fact, I like being dumb around u. gives my mind a day off. not having to think can be temporary paradise"
"do u always hear the ocean when u roll the windows down," I asked. "only when I'm driving along the coast, stupid," she said with a glance.
a swipe of light, a brush of wind, a fleeting glimpse, of the tangerine coast.
she warms like winter and undresses like spring. blooming to the rhythm of an angular sun.
be original. copying people just makes you look like a moron.
please block this guy @Smonsanto_15  he takes your tweets as his own. write your own stuff man.
this is mine @Smonsanto_15
this is mine @Smonsanto_15
this is mine. @Smonsanto_15
dude you've stolen a ton of tweets. please stop. or I'll stop writing here. @Smonsanto_15
ambition is greater than love. creating something out of nothing is the kind of miraculous i understand.
you look at a star &amp; you see its beauty but you miss what lies inside its soul, the great ambition it takes to burn for millions of years.
bright red colossal explosions of unconquerable nuclear love...
&amp; if it were in our own solar system its size would consume everything from here to Jupiter &amp; beyond.imagine that. one immense flaming star.
and i wondered if she'd ever seen Betelgeuse move across the night sky. and did she know it's a red supergiant 30 times the size of the sun.
Here comes the red star.
i don't really love anyone.i am incapable of love actually.im not a hemingway.i prefer a lonely glass of pinot &amp; the solitary noise of a pen
tonight feels right like stars aligned just out of sight, brightness reaching into darkness, dreaming visceral the distance.
cloudy drizzled love like cool raindrops plumping wet skin. eyes so wide, lost, open to it all.
and the blissful night had me waxing about the moon, and all the things that shine for no reason at all.
clinging to nothing but the floating expanse of a darkening night...
i suppose if fields could speak they'd talk in tongues of silver lined mud &amp; shallow watered blues &amp; i could know how it feels to be so vast
travel light. travel often. travel whenever you can.
the passing colors of spring visible from the train and everything I hold of value nestled in a red backpack.
a woman at the train station left open the door for me, and call me old fashioned, but it made my day.
@emptyelegance thanks. appreciate that. i enjoy your words too. I think most of us just want to write here. we've got real lives too, lol
@emptyelegance thx. I can't speak for anyone else but i know who I'm not. :) you've been kind to me as well. I'm just a bad writer, lol
@emptyelegance lol. too funny. wrong though. i believe in legal terms this would be called "liable". slandering ppl is actually illegal.
going to Vienna for the week to visit a friend. no service over there. so be back later. enjoy the sun.
and if they do. great. if they don't. well that's your fucking problem. maybe you shouldn't of passed up so much love along the way.
all life is a gamble. you try to put your heart on the table and hope the decisions you spin somehow land on red.
how do you keep it going? how do you know it will continue? you don't. but sense when has anything of value been a safe bet.
nothing comes after the dream. desire just reloads. but if your aim is pure. i reckon it will last for quite some time.
if i loved in April i could love forever. something magical about this month.
you know. pieces of those you meet still bounce around inside you. there called memories. &amp; they never really go away. its quite beautiful.
"everything I've ever loved, has claw marks on it"
~david foster wallace
and that's all I'll ever say about that. I'm not like most ppl. I don't change my mind because the wind changes. I don't bow to the world.
and I already thanked her. there really is nothing more to the story than that.
and no I don't do new muses, I don't want another muse, she was more than enough, and it's just a secret I'll take to my grave.
one muse is enough and I've already met her and i pretty sure she hated my guts. so there you have it.
and i get all honest with myself and say warm things about life. it's kind of nice.
sometimes i think the real me only happens for like five minutes everyday, and it usually happens when I'm not thinking, just breathing.
your awkward is worth more than your perfect. and if you don't know that you haven't met the right person.
you don't have to prove yourself to anyone. that's not love. that's worship. which no human deserves.
lost in myself. eyes closed. dreaming blue.
wondering if there is another star out there as fucked up as you. as dumb &amp; ignorant. as smart &amp; brilliant. half light. half shadow. whole.
it's like love. u want something unique &amp; special &amp; absolutely different but u keep looking up at the same sky rather than in the distance.
you count the stars you can see. but there are so many others out there. strangely that fills me with great hope.
night found me. drunk on stars again. chopin crashing the shores of my own bright oblivion.
how do u really describe the kind of love u want when everyday it seems to change. i think something along the lines of an endless detour.
i looked over at her soft eyes, now unmasked &amp; allowing the sun to bleed in its rays.feeling in that moment her future may just have changed
"you should do it then," I said pausing at a railing too take in the long river view. "maybe I will,"she said joining my gaze into the blue.
"but gobs of money, stress, thats not everyone's cup of tea." "exactly.i don't think it's wrong to take break &amp; rejuvenate myself for a bit"
"if you want to do nothing for awhile, that's your right. people fear inconsistency because it draws attention to their own lives."
"I just don't ram my world-view down the throats of others. if something makes u unhappy change it."
"you're like the only person I know who didn't immediately say I sounded nuts," she said. "it's nice knowing at least one positive person."
"like go on a sabbatical?that actually sounds pretty cool. nobody does that anymore.but if it release the stress it seems entirely worth it"
"what would you do if you gave up fashion," I asked. "I don't know. I thought maybe I'd do nothing for awhile. move to the beach."
"he probably senses your stressed out about this whole fashion thing and doesn't want to be around for it. not very nice but that's him."
"exactly. tuning me out. disappearing for days. what the fuck is that about," she said in a frustrated tone."i don't know but sounds normal"
"renee's always an asshole," I said. "but he's charming. im sure he's just busy. men dont communicate like woman. we just tune things out."
"everything and nothing," she said too which I smiled. "renee's been an asshole lately &amp; I'm growing bored with this whole fashion thing."
"so what's new with you," I asked elle as we rolled on down to the river noticing her brown locks catching the wind just right.
the urge to smoke dissipates with time but the intoxicating smell still lingers in the mind like a permanent record of the past.
"I'll just share yours with second hand smoke," I said laughing in a sarcastic tone although secretly a bit jealous of her joyful puffing.
"do you want one?", she asked. "I actually quit a few years ago," I said. knowing full well the urge to inhale again never really leaves u.
as we strolled away from the corner hotel towards the river she took out a cigarette from her small bright red purse and lit up.
"where do you want to go," I asked. "let's head down by the river and walk along there," she replied. "yeah, definitely."
'hey there,' I said as she looked up from her phone &amp; smiled. "about time,' she said. 'sorry i walked. it was too nice out to take a cab.'
who was every bit the asshole as his name suggests but there is something about pretty girls and mean guys that seems to fit together.
elle was studying fashion in Paris by day &amp; running around at night trying to keep up with her boyfriend renee...
the sun was laughing as I saw my friend up ahead wearing her favorite big orange shades. her wavy hair slipping down sharp toned shoulders.
the grid like feature of cities is a complete holdover from the 19th century utilitarianism. they could be designed other ways I mused.
you asked me I would think. sorry my mind works from point to point, in an almost scenic way, i was never that drawn to signs anyways.
after a pause and thought they'd just move along obviously having no need to use their brains or perhaps just the map app on their phones.
some people remember st names but i was always more of a landmark person. where is that? someone would ask. by the big red building I'd say.
it was beautiful out and i thought I'd take a walk and meet up with a friend near the corner of the old luxe hotel across from the big park.
sifting through thoughts i realized i could just make new ones &amp; conquer the great fallacy of life that we are unable to change our minds.
holding on. letting go. like unclenched hands grabbing clouds in an empty meadow.
go bake the day in sun glazed memories, taste the time that finds you.
the day was lost to love &amp; nothing else mattered. not even knowledge of its fleeting essence. nor the binding gravity of our rising feelings
gazing now into her eyes filling up with perfect azuline truths. brimming over in a flood of quick, short, flirty kisses.
her wide smile seared into my conscious wings as her head happily twisted round dazzling in the aerial dance of a half shadowed sun.
red to pink to white with a little dabble of green beneath a rich cyaneous sky, brightly hovering along a river of winding dreams...
&amp; life never felt quite so good as when the first cherry blossoms arrived in spring &amp; everything scented magical became impossibly wonderful
when you make a decision, your whole life conspires in your favor.
if life was a dream i had surely flown past it. she was everything i always wanted. the magic of the real.
I've seen stars through eyes. through telescopic arms. and never had there brightness glowed to the same golden hue of how i felt with her.
majestic seemed too small a word to accurately describe the universe of feelings i felt around her. unfathomable became all i could imagine.
i didn't think id ever meet someone whose first real words to me were about the ocean. i couldn't have been more swept up in her tide.
i think she carried the sea inside her. i think she knew it too.
felt like joy. felt like dynamite. crumbling the walls of a world I'd never known.
i had an affair with life once. it was beautiful. and i never felt so alive.
the hush of waves simmering like soft embers inside a warm mind.
red wine outside in the cool breeze of evening. listening to the sea.
Ah, but what if it does.

Peter McWilliams
let our emptiness feel as smooth as these rippling illusions.
let time efface our reflections and bring true clarity in striking gold.
let our eyes do the dancing across these natural springs.
under the trees...   
(drawing by Solasea) 
do what you love. go put youth back in your smile.
go somewhere. today. just be there. empty your thoughts.
just a bathing witness, to the sun's mighty glow.
if light had a conscious i felt it's thoughts, nothing but pure transcendence, of all mortal shallowness.
@piecesofshelz absolutely.well said.
i had nothing to offer the morning but silence as the skies yellow brightness bled me of my favorite blue ink.
the night is cloudy &amp; full of loud hammerings from stars being fashioned into beautiful metallic dreams...
finding nothing but bliss in the spiraling ecstasy of the moment.
mad for blue skies. mad for golden sun. mad for only you.
perhaps you should pursue someone with far lesser intellect. and other shit my friends say.
the dawn of a new spring like red cherry blossoms floating on green forest floors and showers of blue rain hitting little yellow daisies.
ripping pages from my mind. burning words i wrote a year ago for someone.
fyi-if u have multiple accts i will block u, as it's pretty arrogant to fill the same space with your multiple voices, not a fan of bipolar.
the heart wants what it wants, the world be damned.
and you know she'll never love you because she's gone. she left. she couldn't handle the intensity. but you still love her anyway.
a fluttering mood like a bright orange gypsy moth mistaken for a monarch butterfly, but alas for a moment i did catch her azuline eyes.
talent is just like a flower. it grows wherever it wants to. because it's beauty cannot be constrained by definitions of here or there.
@elfincharms and a talented writer emerges from the obscurity of twitter with a voice as vivid as her metaphors on city life. well done. :)
"s/he who kisses the joy as it flies, lives in eternity's sunrise" ~blake
cleared of want. i sat down to paint. black brush in hand. stroking colors on canvas to the rhythm of my only muse. my minds one enthusiast.
in a very spontaneous &amp; unscripted moment, i screamed unintelligibly out the window, like an animal bellowing for no reason at all.
i was drawn to it, slowly opening the window &amp; letting the cool city air rush in putting a fresh dose of oxygen down my cotton mouth lungs.
there was perfect sun streaming through the window, like what photographers know as the magical hour, of soft angelic light.
a painting i was working on sat meditating on its easel next to a windowed terrace overlooking the street below.
soon my thoughts trailed off the edges of the screen into sheer oblivion &amp; i decided to go do the next best thing to getting high, make art.
he was after all, a founding member of the choom gang, happily indulging in hawaii's maui waui while hot boxing splifs under waterfalls...
...visiting the bob marley museum &amp; what not, which in the moment, made me giggle rather uncontrollably at the thought of him lighting up...
turning on the telly and resuming a noise filled afternoon, listening to some news show blathering about the us pres being in jamaica...
suddenly the sounds next door blipped out &amp; i was left in pure silence. which was cool for like 3 seconds before deciding it was too much.
a quick first inhale followed by an exhale up the nose in a kind of endless hit. imagining rza asking me to pass that shit.
i leaned back on my couch &amp; decided i would take the subliminal cue and do the same. lighting a smooth joint finely twisted at one end.
i could hear the gal next door thru the wall taking hits from her bubbler between tracks of the wu-tang telling her it was time to get high.
somehow he forgot to mention cars, skyscrapers, personal computers, but im sure that's in a cave somewhere with the other missing scrolls.
maybe humans just need to start looking up more and worrying less about what some psychotropic writer scribbled on papyrus in the desert.
life has solidified. grown. evolved. &amp; now we're discovering we are not alone in the universe. if that isn't hope then i don't know what is.
i would believe in the apocalypse but everything that's happened in the last 4.5 billion years points in the opposite direction.
i see your coltrane eyes, i feel your leathered blues, but dangle your hair in my face again, and ill ask for your number.
if you happen to be standing in front of me in line and order a mocha, we can be friends for life, no pressure...
a mind so young and worlds so vast, i think you forget that life here, has just barely begun...
lemon trees on mercury &amp; radioactive grapes toasting on a martian solar wind. things could always get a lot more interesting.
i think today the birds will again have the stage to sing the blues and fill the mazarine sky.
yes aren't we all just rather useless. comprised mostly of over used spare parts having seen more action than we ever care to admit.
i couldn't agree more. but to be honest. all i could hear were how your lips smacked together like some unimaginably beautiful seashore.
just finished a big art project &amp; couldn't be happier with the results. I'm sure other creatives can relate.
showing someone what you can do is pretty cool, I think
your thoughts become you
i always write with the same person in mind. my compass. my north star.
like two cooling stars burning through absolute darkness
is the future a fulcrum on which we measure our pain...
love and other nostalgias
better to be way late then never. isn't that how the night sees things as it creeps toward summer.
does it feel real to you too. like a wave is on the horizon and it's coming. coming for you.
i wonder what kind of wine you're drinking tonight. i wonder if it's red. does it taste sweet or dry. is it delicious to the end...
somedays a simple smile is enough.
i laughed. she giggled. our story quietly unfolded.
yes your bright orange gucci purse is fascinating. but so are the mile long factories in China where they are made. its a product not a god.
too funny. gal in front of me trying to talk to gal behind me and im just this human wall caught between there love fest. ha!
people whine about having no time. you make time. if it's important you do it. excuses are about the most annoying thing imaginable.
i mean make money. spend money. money is great. but time is real. you don't live forever. it's your choice. you create what you value.
and i told him, man, you're married to your job. we all have priorities. but you can't have it all. unfortunately he's still clueless.
i know this lawyer. real happy chain smoking guy. workaholic though. his drop dead gorgeous wife just left him. and he doesn't know why.
i really have no pity for people who put their careers first. that was your choice. live with it. you don't get to have it all...
so when you come on here &amp; complain about not having any love, I'm guessing u are in love, with your job, which would explain your situation
i tried impressing a woman once. she still moved. not everyone cares about your words. or about love. most people fuck their careers.
you're not waiting for a perfect person. you're waiting for the one who sees you perfectly...
you wait for some people forever. doesn't even matter if your in a relationship. you're still waiting. and you know it's true.
@MyWordStarr cool. great place to visit. nice people too.
@MyWordStarr norwegian. close enough if your not from europe.
@MyWordStarr trollhunter? excellent film.
car tinged green, dynamite dust..
Spring's explosive scene

#haiku #micropoetry
@SubtleSeas nice. very cool description. impressed
body language is more poetic than anything else. it's an art. hats off to those who can do it well. the world is at your fingertips.
if you have to seduce with words your not much of a woman. a glance. a wink. bat of the eyes. lick of the lips. that's impressive.
if someone writes you poetry. savor it. you'll probably never be written about again. most people can't write. they buy greeting cards.
i can write about anyone in the world but few make me want to write. Inspiration is rare.
some people will never be impressed because they've never been humble.
her hair swayed like brushstrokes, carefully cultivating a colored lust on the canvas of his mind.
she was real. as real as a waking dream could be. as real as the light of a golden sun dancing across the water.
traveling is life.
to be an adventure or not to be. that is the question.
get lost in a Jamaican jungle. enjoy the hot springs of an Icelandic volcano. the world is there for the taking.
we could go anywhere. ya, know. be anything. dream as vast as a colorado sky.
the sound of her voice like volts of new electricity to my charging spirit.
eyes closed. wishing. holding out for something wonderful.
silent. shy eyes. flickering in the blue wind.
a love the eyes know, the skin remembers, and the heart listens for.
love is the interlocking of hands and the feeling a secret language exists between you.
you should feel powerful together.
@elfincharms
writing inglorious side chapters on our own wayward becoming. long tales of endless asphalt and curved rhythms of a blue sky wind.
with her everything felt possible. not because we were two powerful people. but because we did what we wanted. we were free to be ourselves.
hit the road. windows down. smell of moisture from low clouds hovering through the air. smiles taking flight. eyes lost to the horizon.
where would we go. on some new adventure. perhaps. yes. maybe it all was really that simple. we could leave &amp; nobody would even care.
if we could live forever, i would take the sea as my window, and her glow as my halcyon sun.
curled up. a shell to myself. cold and solitary. waiting to be carried away.
waves crashing through sanded pillars, echoes of low tide pulling me inward.
the sea, the sun, a smooth glaze of light, sparkling on the surface of eternity.
with ocean tides.
i think the vividness of your eyes speaks directly to my soul in a language I've always felt but never quite understood.
something beautiful will find you soon. something beautiful is coming into your life. you need only await its arrival.
and yet i wonder if she knew how fairy tales worked. how stories are never quite what they seem. how magic can defy logic.
everything is not lost. the arch of life is long &amp; self correcting.
her eyes the softest shade of blue. i dream of them every night.
i ordered a glass of pinot knowing stories always sounded better with wine and made good company with half known strangers.
"join me as we recollect that nights events." oh what the hell i thought. i have nothing better to do at the moment. getting up to order.
"why don't you go grab a coffee or tea or whatever it is you drink," he said starting to unfurl hints of his southern american accent.
"exactly. the one and only," he said. adding, "Im not surprised you don't remember, we were both pretty wasted," laughing as he took a sip.
"oh.the cowboy.the cowboy in Paris. now I remember," as the memory came flooding back and i clasped my hands as if finally solving a puzzle.
under the table...I looked. "my boots, you liked my black leather boots," he said.as a bell suddenly went off in my head like Sunday at noon
"where exactly did we meet," I asked deciding to take a seat across from him as he seemed friendly enough. he paused &amp; motioned...
i quickly recalled I was at the galleria on Saturday night for Julian's show. but I didn't recall talking to this guy at all.
"have we met before?" I asked. He smiled sensing my confusion. "yes, actually we have. Saturday night. don't you remember?"
"yes," he replied in low voice. "I couldn't help notice u waived at me on the street like five minutes ago &amp; i couldn't place who you were."
i approached him, "bonjour, i said, sorry to interrupt," as he slowly tilted his dark eyes upward still half concentrating on stirring.
sitting alone towards the back folding a newspaper at the crease and casually stirrings his porcelain cup with a silver spoon.
reflected by a metal looking candy dispenser sitting next to the exit. i turned. there he was.
I gazed around the mostly empty room taking note of the place. I didn't see him. but as I turned to leave i caught aglimpse of a whitestreak
all steel and clean and bereft of that cabin fevered look reminiscent of so many cafes. too much wood makes me feel like I'm in a sauna.
the door handle was metal cold as I opened my way inside delighted to find the cafe was renovated inside with a very modern, hip, vibe.
a small quaint little bodega like cafe with a red square steel door resembling a relic from what i imagined to be the 19th century iron age.
as I walked back down the street I couldn't see him anywhere. so i paused for a moment &amp; thought, maybe he went in a cafe that was nearby.
I turned around. i had to know who that was. It was going to drive me nuts. I remember everyone. But I had never seen that man before.
was I being followed or merely mistaken for someone else? would this all end in a field looking for that missing ear from the first episode.
suddenly a strange fiction had entered my little corner of the world. like a lost chapter someone else was writing that I didn't know about.
some funny looking guy in a long white coat just waved at me that I've never seen before. starting to think I'm in an episode of twin peaks.
finding out who you are not is really just as important as finding out who you are.
actually I don't. I think it's rather sad. tragic. a play of self deception. ringing as hollow as an empty glass of scotch.
which I understand is appealing to fans of mad men. i too lust after a character who gets to brazenly cheat &amp; pontificate advertising wisdom
unless of course your into smelling like a stale suit, thats smoked too many cigars, and drank to much brandy in back rooms.
one thing I've learned as a writer is this.don't stick to any one thing. write about everything. there is nothing worse they becoming cliche
healthy body ~ healthy mind
the atrophy done to a body that is hardly used on a day to day basis is brutal. it's a shame really. but entirely preventable.
sitting for thirty, forty years in an uncomfortable chair, with or without a view. no thank you. it sounds frightening.
all that extra money just ends up buying insurance for the dull life your leading. which of course is the only life you'll ever have.
ive always preferred a nice sod of grass to a desk w four walls.nobody can convince me spending the majorityof ur life in a cage is worth it
you appreciate everything a hell of lot more.
i think it's important to do things that make you feel incredibly humble. feeling small &amp; insignificant is important to understanding life.
something beautiful about how a museum can cleanse you of personality. all that history consuming your ego. it's perfectly liberating.
step outside. write about what you see. what you think. it's the roads that lead away from yourself that are the most meaningful.
I think there may be a definite dead end to always writing about you, and your relationship status. just saying maybe grow your life a bit.
in a lot of ways you are what you think. and your writing says a lot about where your thoughts are. about what kind of person lives inside.
i leave complex emotions to cinema and the theater. both of which can do it perfectly. i like to keep my own headspace light &amp; dreamy.
frustration doesn't interest me. why would i want to read something that makes me feel anxious. i prefer intelligent tranquility.
no. i don't do angry writing because im not a controlling person. im actually the exact opposite of about every writer ever.
and with a splash of final laughter we quietly entered the hollowed grounds, housing the remnants of Europe's finest artisanal masters.
"I'm going to put that in my next book," i said. "please do. save it from the trash bin of my own memory because I certainly won't remember"
"that's a perfect metaphor," i said as we finally arrived at our destination and threw are cups into a large black metallic trash can.
"oui, or perhaps art is simply what we choose to save, to elevate, from the landfills of our discarded existence."
"it's like barthes once said, meaning creates art. as long as there is meaning in front of you, art exists."
"i think art is whatever your wiling to look at", i said. "whether it's a painting or a photo or even the creamy designs of a cappuccino."
"he got a prime museum spot in dresden in the contemporary art section. completely ridiculous. but that's art."
"i also know a guy from Berlin who took photos of himself everyday for a year to show the growth of his beard. with polaroids of course."
"what do you mean, like real texts?," I asked. "oui, like texts between her lover and her. just salacious words. it's quite amusing."
"but you know, nowadays anything can be art. i know a gal from Brussels who frames her texts &amp; sells them. most of them are quite dirty."
"would you consider it an art? the art of making a good espresso?," I asked him. "i suppose it is. i mean it is a form of art."
"this is pretty good," i said. taking a few small sips as it began to cool. "oui, they roast their own. real parisian hipsters. its divine."
a few minutes later julian came strolling back out with two cups in hand &amp; we were off again. barreling down streets to the louvre.
replying to a few ancient texts i never returned from over the weekend. wondering to myself if there was ever an expiration date to them.
"do you want anything." "sure. a double." "be right back," as he ventured inside the stone grey tomb like cafe. i waited outside w my phone.
he said, pointing to the cafe on the corner, lined with smiling Parisians soaking up the youthful rays of an afternoon sun.
"speaking of craving," he said as we continued to walk through park finally arriving at its natural end, "im going to grab an espresso here"
"definitely. i think we are all the same. on the cusp of certain love. infatuated with the possibilities. it's the idea we crave."
"but when are you not in love?," i rhetorically stated. "vrai, good point. i guess i have a habit of falling in love. it's just so easy."
"actually quite well. i think im in love." i smiled. "she was blonde &amp; beautiful, of course you're in love," i said.
"yeah, that was a fun saturday night. it was all pretty much a blur though after your show. how did things work out w u &amp; that Danish chick?
"oui, seven to be exact. I'll be eating well for a month," he said laughing to himself. "i see you've recovered from the weekend as well."
"i had to drop off a painting i sold this morning and it took longer than expected." "no worries. so u sold another panting. right on."
"julian, over hear," i said motioning to him as he looked up from his phone. "oui, sorry for being a bit late...
&amp;since his hat satupon a full thick set of raven dark hair i believed it were true.tho im not sure he realized the bluejaysplayed in toronto
he claimed it prevented him from ever being asked for directions by the throngs of summer tourists. everyone assumed he was american.
i could always see julian coming a mile away, wearing his worn out blue jays baseball cap, the only person in paris who ever wore one.
i sat on a bench as I waited for my friend julian to arrive. we were going to the louvre this safter to check out some new art exhibit.
sitting in a park, feeling its synergy of ideas, its orgy of contemplation, people laughing, talking, texting, spontaneously looking bored.
infatuated with the pauses between stoplights. the breaks in circadian rhythm. the resting heart beats of a city born &amp; bred by electricity.
engine fueled poisonous exhaust &amp; tarring cigarette smoke all locked outside, warming white the rising vapors, glowing a myst of ignorance.
colorfully aged hues and crumbling facades of vine inspired buildings, all the cities bling reduced to the rims of its metallic chariots.
i thought about how some things are still free. like the ability to see and appreciate beauty. to witness life cast a tax-less shadow.
happy sun filled shoes found me walking in no particular direction. enjoying the wild flowers slowly springing from there winter cage.
do we ever run into the copies of ourselves that went off in other directions...will we ever read there stories too...
and the night surrendered to the blue seas of deep dreaming sleep...
weird. i was just thinking of using that word kaleidoscope. quantum entanglement.
and i thought her mind, so vast, so dark, and full of stars.
but even then. im still a mystery.
how your pen takes ink from my heart and tattoos your poetry on my soul.
how you rip pages from my mind and scribble your name on all of them.
i love how you tear through my thoughts and know exactly what I'm thinking.
is the night a muse? is the day a revelation? where do the shadows rest in the light of redemption.
rise from the ashes a phoenix moon, red in your unconquerable passion..
douce the eternal in your flames of misdirection, bind yourself to something lost
redeem thyself oh fallen star, wake the heavens with your golden madness.
I mean come on. we're all here for the same reason. redemption. it's classic Shakespeare.
I think life is a big mistake. and you spend your whole life wishing in second chances.
I'm still waiting on the pet rock 2. it's hard to fine smooth rocks like that anymore.
trying to think of shit from the 80's, because that's when my product code was first scanned.
i think Apple would sell a lot more watches if they had a slap on bracelet version. just saying. in neon of course.
and I thought maybe it's really a scratch &amp; sniff moon &amp; it's not really made out of cheese &amp; it smells exactly like artificial strawberries
@Quietandcurious oh my bad. that's the one area im ok in. but really would trade it all for something else.
@Quietandcurious let me guess. money.
a thousand smells belonging to this cities patchouli lined streets...yes
words lingering black like a minted cup of espresso...yes
mundane thoughts that find you moving in joyous rhythm...yes
the smell of freshly moistened wood...yes
a cool breeze on a warm day...yes
perhaps the eyes are indeed the souls elegant masterpiece...
anyone can wear a smile and laugh really loud but very few can touch you with just their eyes...
left to wonder aloud in a wilderness of earth laden thoughts.
full of prickly illusions nestled within vast rolling valleys and blue dreaming skies.
thick. ethereal. deep in pine. glowing the darkest green.
i sensed the fog was aware. teeming with intelligence I could barely understand.
@musicmoonlove many expressions of the same underlining thought. there is more to the world than we can really know.
@musicmoonlove lol. well you're in good company. buddha was a hindu too...
@musicmoonlove very metaphysical, buddhist. im more western. I think ignorance can be defeated thru knowledge. but I get your point.
@MyWordStarr lol, no doubt. I'd rather live in a happy world than a jealous one. :)
@musicmoonlove maybe. if u don't have access to a good education, I can't really blame someone's ignorance. society shapes my ideas.
@MyWordStarr im happy for you.
@musicmoonlove very true. we share the same planet. but less intelligent humans want us to think otherwise. the earth belongs to everyone.
there is more happiness inside you then you will ever find somewhere else.
enjoy where you are. who you are. and don't get bogged down in differences. they are incredibly trivial in the grand scheme of things.
borders are simply illusions we grow accustom to thinking about. but one need only look up into the sky and ask, where is its border?
when I drive into the city or exit to the country, the rhythm changes, but that's about it. the idea of any difference is purely imaginative
it's important to view places less as stationary objects &amp; more as navigable passages. land can be just as transformative as the sea.
i don't see any difference between the city &amp; the country. you are where you are. the difference is in your limited ideas of reality.
reach out &amp; touch someone's life today. after all we are 80% water. you never know what kind of ripples you may create.
a feeling so particular, it's only experienced, through the uniqueness of someone else.
drink from rivers, splash in streams, soak in sunlight, lay upon a naked meadow, dream beneath blue skies
if you must be something, be a possibility. be a seed of hope among life's ever changing forest.
be rich in mud. for land never goes out of style.
the best part is when we forget who we are, and together, we can be anything.
love is smiling. blinding. a yellow sun.
to get lost in what you love to do. is that not the beauty that revives your spirit.
when I can just pour myself into writing and words flow as smoothly as a washed out river.
when I am invisible I feel most at home.
waiting for the day all my good karma shows up as a new, hello...
i thought so. because the truth of our existence, is that we adjust to whatever the conditions. we are entirely adaptable. that's our beauty
would we still be in awe. would life still give us sweet illusion...
what if the sun wore black and shadows appeared as light and everything we knew was different...
i think i made a wish. but i wouldn't be surprised. if it bounced off that star. and hit the back side of the moon.
the night was silent. looking back with the faintest care. but beyond the darkness. lie a small star. flickering in the distance.
maybe steal your favorite book and scribble words through out it so you'll always know how to find me...
travel inside your starlit dreams.
find myself somewhere ive never been.
wake up in the gold of morning.
i want to disappear into the night.
that's why i say fuck love and i go to the county and ride horses instead. it's much more liberating than falling for deception.
it may be too much to expect love to be honest. but damn. is that really what we have to settle for.
I think I've been deceived so many times I just accept everything as a lie. makes reality much more tolerable.
@tvngled beautifully put.
a good heart is as rare as anything.
I'm a pessimist when it comes to loving people because I know what's on the otherside of that fairy tale. often someone unusually cruel.
unfortunately the name inside was written in an obscure language that she didn't recognize. so she never knew what it said.
@tvngled
he did physics on the side. for fun. he could be brilliant &amp; imaginative because he enjoyed it. he didn't have to deal with career cynicism
in fact don't be a professional in anything. it will crush your spirit. as i recall the american Einstein was just a patent clerk.
i understand though. it's a lonely profession. rife with alcoholism &amp; drug use. i wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
never got hit on at a cross walk until today. was amusing. those smooth talking lawyers really know how to side saddle you up.
i get all soft when it rains. it reminds me of you. calm yet unpredictable. a slow melodious hum of fallen grace.
someone whose not afraid to be herself &amp; yet is still a good person inside. someone whose broken hasn't stopped her from believing in love.
someone who enjoys art. someone who likes the outdoors. someone who knows how to have a really good time.
that's all i really want. someone whose nice. someone you can take to dinner. someone whose as honest as a first glass of wine.
honestly I'd rather just hang out with someone than write. I don't need writing. I prefer life. it's always my first choice.
intellectual passion is the opposite. it grows and advances with time. it can take you places. and ultimately bring you closer to someone.
bodily passion fades like rain. it's wet for a little while then dries up rather quickly.
I don't need seduction. I know what I like &amp; what I don't. your capacity for intellect is of far greater importance than anything else.
i only say this because flirting eventually ends. if you don't share the same dreams. you'll just end up deluding yourself.
life has taught me that love does not consist in gazing into another, but in looking outward together in the same beautiful direction...
go after what you want. perhaps you'll destroy all your fantasies along the way and find the reality you've always secretly wanted.
be honest with yourself. is fantasy what you really want? or is that you want a new reality? because the latter is totally possible.
words should lead you back to reality. not away from it. if they do lead you away. perhaps youre missing out on your true life.
reminded me of the sea. 
i had hope. mild delusion. sensing it was worth reaching out for something that was not there. perhaps one may stumble upon dumb luck.
would i see her again, i wondered. I didn't know. people come in &amp; out of ur life so often it's hard to keep track. but i wanted to believe.
they were invisible. beyond the dark. like two stars so distant. they need only shine for one another.
i knew the texture of her lips was written in another language the moment i kissed her.
i never wanted to stop feeling her eyes, as if they had something to teach me, about my own life.
and the city of lights was buzzing. dreaming in new tomorrow's.
night walk. 
you never know what will happen. a stranger may become a friend &amp; eventually turn into a lover. the flow of this city ever magical...
something i picked up when i first came here. really the allure of this whole place. the sense of meaningful possibility. everywhere.
as i left the cafe &amp; headed down the street. i found myself thinking of something i never had before. how much i enjoyed chatting up others.
"they're should be a lot of different people there &amp; who knows, maybe love will find you in Paris after all." smiling as i turned to exit."
"oh thanks," she said taking the card into her left hand and glancing it over.
"you know, if you're not doing anything later. you should stop by this art gallery," i said. handing her a business card i had in my pocket.
"oh no problem. it was really nice meeting you," sticking out her hand for a goodbye shake. "you too," i said. getting up to leave.
"I've enjoyed our little chat but I'm afraid i have to jet. my friend is showing his art at a gallery tonight &amp;i need to go help him set up"
i finished the last few sips of my glass and took out my phone from my pocket to check the time.
"I don't think it's stupid. and you came to the right place. it is easy to fall in love here. you should have no problem."
"romance. that's my guess. you had a fantasy of finding romance here." 

she laughed. "yes. you are correct. it's so stupid but it's true."
i laughed as she smiled &amp; rolled here eyes upward. exposed to the moment. yet unable to blurt it out. i had a guess though about her idea.
"but why paris? i mean you presumably could go anywhere. why here. what's brought you here?"

"to be honest. an idea. a really stupid idea."
"so what drew you here?" why did you come to paris?" i asked. taking a few sips of wine. "that's a good question. well. I enjoy traveling."
"there is a passage by the poet Rimbaud, in which he says about Paris, 'we await you, we desire you,' &amp; i think that is this deeper feeling"
"you sense it in the buildings. in the streets. in the food. the wine. the markets. the people. but it's not like nostalgia. it's deeper."
"yes. sort of. it's hard to describe but u feel it here. Paris has history. it clings to it. u can almost sense its still living. breathing"
"what do you mean by that exactly?" are you saying Paris is obsessed with its past?" the wheels of her mind turning more philosophical.
"i think every city changes some. even paris. but unlike other cities, paris stays true to it's past. it seems to resist complete evolution"
"why do you think that is?" she inquired. folding her soft hands together on the table while gazing intently into my light emerald eyes.
"i know some. I've been here awhile. but paris is really still a mystery to me as well. as soon as i think i understand. it alludes me."
"is that right," she said. "I've actually just arrived in paris. so ready to learn as much as i can while Im here. sounds like u know a lot"
"it's the best. i mean it's what france is known for. ive never had a bad glass. a few bad meals, i joked. but the wine has saved them all."
"so did you assume id drink a pinot, because you're drinking a Pinot?," she asked. "absolutely. i assume everyone is drinking pinot."
"oh close. pinot 99. i like double number years. it's just some random thing i picked up over the years. I'm not quite sure why."
she paused for a moment pressing two fingers to her lips as if contemplating a mystery. "im going to guess a pinot, burgundy, 97."
suddenly she was drawn to him. intrigued by his casual confidence. "so what are you drinking?", she asked. "guess," i said.
"no not really, i mean yes," she replied blurting out the obvious trap of her own words. "you tricked me," quickly recovering from confusion
"you like to say no a lot," i said adjusting the wooden stool underneath its polished exterior." she smiled taking a sip of her Syrah.
"i would have sat over in the corner but you looked like good company. i hope you don't mind," i said. "no. please. it's fine."
"it's actually a cab. but u got the yr right. which is impressive," taking a moment to flip on her flirty eyes with a quick sideways glance.
she licked her lips and brushed back her jet black hair letting it stream through her fingers. "no," she replied with a pleasant grin.
"let me guess. some kind of pinot from burgundy. age 03'," i said. smiling as I took a seat across from her.
&amp; she was all hip &amp; intelligent looking sunny gorgeous over there. moving the stem of a glass in a figure eight. unsettling its sugary legs.
@_amaranthiine Thx. :) likewise.
the secrets the ground holds. the secrets the sky lets go. the secrets of my favorite thoughts hovering in the middle of nowhere...
it's good to be back. back in my element. back to my roots. standing upon the earth that raised me. the mud that loved me for who i am.
boots thrown to the side. barefoot in tall grass. watching the horses bathe in sunlight. trees pushing upward there spring filled limbs.
it's nice to leave the city and find solace in the bosom of unkept land. where true imagination can run vast and wild.
pretty blues. green pine. drifting through the hills of the countryside.
[one person inspired me to write. that's all it takes. just one. use it when it arrives. it will transform your life in miraculous ways.]
[many of you can be really good writers one day.i mean really good. don't dismiss your talents. own them. better them. anything is possible]
[a personal story is also more powerful &amp; original. whether its a sentence or paragraph. people want to know u. see your writing come alive]
[as someone who writes &amp; reads I would rather hear your unique personal voice than a distant godly one. it's much more authentic &amp; genuine]
[just some writing tips for my writing friends out there. it's good to stay away from bad habits. they'll impoverish your beautiful writing]
[third person can be very passive aggressive. and it doesn't read well. I mean. who talks like that in real life? use dialogue instead]
[being able to say "I", to embody yourself, be proud of you, or your character, is important. take ownership of things. be an author]
[on a side note. its generally unbecoming to talk about yourself in third person when writing. i see ppl do it &amp; i cringe. its narcissistic]
i decided to write to a friend a vignette about paris who i knew would enjoy it. finding my best thoughts arrive when thinking of others...
i took a seat by the window. taking out of my pocket, a midori notebook &amp;black felt pen.i wanted to write getting that familiar sudden urge.
her eyes. dark like a buried ruby. cast against beautiful black mud. the way the afternoon sun caught them thru the window. was exacting.
"oui," she said. her shy lips smiling thin as she pulled back her shoulder length brown hair putting it up in a ponytail.
she yawned. then i yawned. as i finished with the machine. she smiled. and i laughed saying, "ce est agréable de partager un soupir..."
i poured myself another cup from the machine. trying to be careful not to spill as I looked up &amp; saw a woman waiting behind me.
and right now i would be saying yes to another cup of delicious coffee...
and to me that was everything. that's why i was in paris.to be an artist. among other things of course.but the thrust was always art. a yes.
as my grandma used to tell me, still ringing true to this day, "your passion defines you." that one sentence leading me to become an artist.
I'd rather be among an orgy of passion, for life, for something, than in the safe and predictable confines of a living boring tomb.
everyone's in love in paris. either with their partner, their mistress, or their smooth and slick tapping screens. it's rather beautiful.
so i got up to go back inside gently nodding at the woman doused in patchouli. still reading her phone. smiling. probably in love.
i tightened my leather jacket a bit as I felt a little colder outside from prolonged sitting. the warming balance of once hot coffee fading.
the cool air finally found my toes dangling inside brown leather loafers. im rather young to be wearing loafers. but there comfortable.
the fabric of space just feels more rich and textured when coated with smell. perhaps because it unlocks memory so well. opens the vault.
which after about 5 minutes of heavy sniffling i don't seem to mind. in fact i start to enjoy this other dimension opening up my senses.
the woman sitting at a table beside me must be doused in patchouli because it reeks like my gypsy friends adrianna's apartment.
smells. i thought. cities love there deep &amp; rich smells. smoke, food, perfume, exhaust, u can have it all. its rather intoxicating at times.
the smoke from a flicked cigarette still lingering upwards floating in my direction as I sat outside on a metal table and sipped an espresso
it was cloudy &amp; bright &amp; the sky looked exceptionally polished. like metallic rims do after a quick buff. glowing with shiny silver glare.
paris is beautiful this time of year. not too warm. not too cold. a happy medium. like a middling ochre cab you can have with any lunch.
love. that's what she was. the kind you get anxious and excited about. the pure kind. the genuine desire to feel close to another soul.
though full of bright intelligence she wished upon stars because there was something inside her still dreaming of catching fire...

Yes, you.
today is that nobody 
wants to evolve anymore.
smiling at a gift i made for a friend sitting on the table. feeling good for the things i send out into the world...
the blues upon my lips, smeared in mellow satisfaction...
my treasured heart nestled firmly in its squared chest...
the concrete aglow in golden soft reflections...
a little tranquility found among the trickling raindrops...
the city is dreaming beautiful tonight...so quiet and peaceful.
paris looks beautiful tonight... 
insane in the rain. no turning back. there was never a greater sense of aliveness among us. if this were the end, we'd die as lovers...
flailing through the wind and storm and trying not to think with our hands clenched leaping over cement and washed out gutters.
I leaned in and kissed her wet lips and said, "too bad. we're going now." grabbing her hand and dragging her out in the rain. &amp; we were off.
she gazed deep into my eyes instantly digging for a hint of insecurity about this idea. "that is an awful idea," she said as her eyes rolled
there was really only one thing to do. I turned her around and said, "we both need to run. we can do this. we'll hold hands the whole way."
i had no idea what to do. there were no good options. the blocks were too big. the nearest stores looked dark and most likely closed.
the pressure of the moment tried its best to implode my composure &amp; feeling her increasing fright was not helping. my stomach tightening.
"well we can't stay here." I knew she was right. more so after I thought saw a telephone wire go blue. i needed a plan. fast. come on. think
she turned her head around again to look at me. "you should run and go get the car." "what? no way. i don't want to get electrocuted today."
the first crack of thunder. our wet skins simultaneously jumping together. "we need to do something," she said. sensing the omniscient.
the grey clouds grew darker. and deeper. and the sounds of the street grew soft. quieter. it was now just rain &amp; lightning. then boom!
the wind started to kick the rain sideways and lightning began to appear and the air became electrified. things were getting dangerous.
"I'd call someone but phone isn't turning on." "i left my phone in the car." "so I guess we're stuck here under this red canopy."
"this rain isn't going to stop anytime soon. and we've got like eight blocks to go," i said. "yeah what are we going to do"
"we're totally fucked you know that right," i said. she turned her head to look in me in the eyes. "we are so fucked," she said.
i took my jacket off to give her warmth noticing her arms crossed and shivering. holding her closely. leaning against the wall.
we found shelter under a red canopy as the rain began to pour even more. and we smiled. genuinely shook into the cold thrill of it.
each miss. each splash. a meaningless moment of wonder. it was too late to care. we were drenched. smothered by the skies grey laughter.
i thought of her today. soaking in the rain. remembering the day we forget our umbrellas. and leaped over swelling puddles in bare feet.
going back to my real life. i want real love.
character is everything.
i never wanted someone to say to me, I love you. i wanted us both to say it together. one sided love is not love. it's stale adoration.
the poison acting as an elixir to cleanse the blood &amp; make lifeless, the indescribable pain of being absolutely nothing. less than death.
abandoned to no one.no other soul.not even a vessel at sea.shipwrecked on the shores of ur own disbelief stinging like a farrago jellyfish.
to be pulled into a cradle of darkness with no way out. suffocating on the reality that all your illusions have left you. naked and cold.
the burrow of loneliness can be so deep there is no room for light to get in. its a terrible way to live every night at rock bottom.
fate is a lost cause.
la seule chose que je aime plus que le soleil est la façon dont vous le portez.
lets be adventurous &amp; travel the world &amp; make love in every corner of the globe. lets live not write. lets be our wild uncontrolled selves.
my midori travelers notebook arrived today and im in writing heaven. 
when i am a foreigner to myself it brings out the most unexpected surprises...
i felt i could do anything with you as your wings of inspiration wrapped around my dreams...
going to try to write an entire novel in 96 hours for fun. be back in 4 days.
goodnight my love. may the buoy of timeless wonder find your sleepy starlit dreams...
and there is no sense understanding what cannot be understood for life is a mystery &amp; I'm quite alright with that. indeed it feels perfect.
a tireless diatribe of collected musings and impartial confidence that some how makes sense in this mad crazy fucked up world.
I'm actually so authentic I think sometimes I'm mistaken for someone real which is all true but still. I think of myself more as a vignette.
somewhere there is a parable of wanting too much&amp;needing too much&amp;getting nothing in return&amp;so I just stay pretty humble in myownlittleworld
i don't really know much. I'm stupid. well that's not entirely true. I may be smart and partially gifted but none of that really matters.
and I make sure to take all these arrows I think may be pointed at me &amp; I turn them around &amp; set them free bc I'm not the answer to anything
like some kind of crazy dream rhythm running all by itself &amp;ready to just pound away at the music of today collected earlier by your soul.
and i don't really listen to anything but myself because there is something so beautiful about the way your own heart beats at night.
and I just get lost in it all and I don't really care about anything but that moment where nothing else matters but here and now and always.
and there is a warm glow shivering inside thoughts that expand into shadows and shapeless wonders of the minds eternal imagination.
and hip and everything they do is with a certain touch of yes. a vibrant yes. that just rings in your mind like a candle that won't blow out
spontaneous germination. like old jazz. of course. a lot of my creative secrets i learn from that era. you know. there just so free wheelin
it's like wondering what beautiful thing might have grown organically and sprouted in such a magical way and become so very cool.
it's a joyous missing though. i dont get into sorrow and malaise type of shit. and it's not melancholy either. its just what could have been
I could be a whore and hawk my art &amp; words for money on here but none of that really interests me. love interests me. you interest me.
i just find you so irresistible. am i missing something.
I'd leave here with you in a heartbeat. you know that right.
all these new adds I'm getting on Twitter are annoying. this might make me stop using this.
i served it up on silver platter. all you had to do was talk to me with your intelligence and it was all really that simple.
i tried to know you. not my fault. i gave you the perfect in. you had my mind. it was there for the taking.
maybe.
you would have fit in well...
doing yoga in the kitchen. just another family gathering. fuxking hilarious.
I looked upon the water and saw a galaxy of stars reigning down from the moonlight. I thought of how much I love you. 
"no. i can't. but you can't be sure you'll find your pen later on." "you touch my pen the relationship is over." "oh really." "yeah. duh."
"you just need to stop while your ahead and fucking kiss me." "well I suppose. but you can't stop me from writing about this later..."
"well it was a metaphor. I mean clearly your not just a nicely paired wine with some dish. your more like a bottle you drink on its own."
"your like my favorite glass of wine. red. sparkling in the light of a cool evening. and you taste delicious." "I'm not a glass of wine."
"I'm wild. probably too much. but I'm glad you understand," she said. "of course. I wouldn't want you any other way."
my family is too fucking awesome. i wish everyone had such luck. be thankful for what you have.
god i want you right now.
now I'll go. see ya later. oh stylish one.
torch me. my genius has always been red.
the only thing my mouth knows is your the first and last thing on earth i want to kiss everyday...
now I must go for today. the orange sun &amp; capri sky are calling me &amp; there is a wind beneath my feet saying go to the forest. au revoir...
I've lived long enough to know that the people who leave your life do so on their own volition. You owe them nothing.
wherever i end up i know you played a role in it and hopefully that should be endlessly gratifying to your ego. keep it. it's my gift to u.
yet out of the kindness of my eloquent soul I will always refer back to your inspiration as significant fuel on my life's journey.
at first i just wrote about you for fun, then you started to piss me off, so now im just going to write a serious fucking novel about you.
and you know it...
because nobody on the fucking earth could write your beauty better than me. nobody. not a soul living or dead. I'd bury them all.
I'm sure it flattered u. I'm sure u loved it. I'm sure you soaked it up for all it was worth. it made u feel damn special.
no honor in what I said? I believe it was me who thanked u for the inspiration. i believe i capitulated like a honest friend.
but you passed. so fuck off. I'm sure there is someone out there less talented, less intelligent, &amp; more deserving of your undying attention
i would of used your orgasms as ink and written poetry with my tongue and made your insides feel like the climax of your favorite novel.
i would have fucked the stars out of your eyes and watched as they drifted up into the midnight sky, dazzling in the light of euphoria...
pour fire in a glass and toast our tongues to whiskey and drown in each other's intelligence and revel in heated debates of nonsense.
i figured maybe we could burn down the world together or something. you know. not give a fuck. rage against the wind. kiss the blinding sun.
though to be fair. honest. i did for awhile idolize u. i liked ur bad attitude. ur bite. i think u were as corrupt as i was. &amp; i liked that.
be bold or nothing at all. isn't that how you remember it too? me opening your door. me showing you, my world. i do believe i did enough.
always afraid to put it on the line. to roll the dice. you gamble with no uncertainty. you show nothing but an empty hand. and I laugh.
you slink around. you walk barefoot. you play the role of a wilding so well. and yet i think when it comes to love, your a shrinking violet.
you don't know me.
sorry. I may really like you. but I will always cheat on you with the sun. I just love the sun too much. we're nuclear lovers.
it's so fucking beautiful out today. I'm just going to enjoy the shit out of it.
i think I just cured myself of love. I would rather just find some joy. a humble blue perfect joy.
a laughing mad unending spring of infinite joy...exactly.
maybe it was joy that i wanted. not muddled happiness. not contemplative serenity. but excitable joy.
i don't even know if i would call that love. maybe something deeper. like a natural excitement. a thirst for life. a quickening of the soul.
all i ever really wanted was to feel alive around another person and know every moment spent with them was always absolutely worth it.
w/out passion a relationship is meaningless.ppl deserve to be wanted. w/out that how can u really say ur living? &amp;not going thru the motions
everyone loves that scene in a movie when one person grabs the other person &amp; they passionately kiss. because that's real love. explosive.
that's what's irresistible. romantic. knowing exactly what you want and getting it. certainty is the most attractive quality of them all.
rather than spending life pleasing everyone around u it takes real courage to do what u want. to take what u want. to be a woman. or man.
why do people love that? because wishy-washy people are so everywhere and pathetically blah. it's refreshing to see someone with guts.
Kerouac is such an arrogant narcissist. which is why people love his writing. he uses Hemingway's attitude toward the world.love me or dont.
it's the 21st century. you can find someone. email them. not like you can't keep in touch. we should stop pretending the world is flat.
im doubtful she was the kind of girl who regretted anything. im doubtful she ever looked back to wonder.
maybe I'll use a metaphor like, she's an egg u crack that comes out all bright &amp; orange like the sun &amp; scrambles into something intelligent.
wo.wo.wo.if they ask me about u i wont be able to lie, u know. I'll have to say ur highly talented, exceptionally bright, &amp; wickedly funny.
i transferred my memories of you to the sea so they would continue to roll forever. and maybe find me again in another life.
la plume de la plume
i think she carried spring inside today and brought enough happiness to go around.
read my words hard
@FleurDePomme
my imagination slowly percolating through the drip filter whilst gazing at the old map and &amp; inhaling it's dusty attic like odor.
but I wasn't looking for any place on this particular map. i just felt it would inspire me to do something today as I sat &amp; drank my coffee.
i unfurled an old map on the table I grabbed from a shelf in the study. it was old &amp; brittle &amp; rather unreadable from years of papered decay
what would I do today. where would I go. what could I do that I hadn't done before. my mind growing thirsty for some new adventure.
i awoke to sounds of a piano playing downstairs and a morning sun crackling against the window. it felt ethereal. homely.
never give up. change. pursue something else. go backwards. go forwards. go crazy. a good life isn't linear. the twists &amp; turns are worth it
maybe this was only a peak. and the summit was far off. but you don't really care.love is still love. feeling transcendent is still amazing.
I was in love. even at midnight. I was in love. not even the dark could steal away my joy. for once. I felt. I won.
@SpiritsMissing funny. you were in my dream.
maybe that's all we ever are. a blink, a wink, a shooting star.
ignore those rhyme singy writers. they arent going anywhere but in circles. &amp; u should really want to be better than that because u could be
anyways that's my evening thesis. write don't sing. your writing will improve immensely.
but nobody listens to that anymore. so it's really a mute point. silence will teach you about pauses &amp; breaks which are the key to writing.
I mean really the only music that ever comes close to writing is jazz but not new jazz, old jazz. the disjointed, fragmented, awkward jazz.
I learned that the hard way. I used to write and listen to music. but it's too limited. you can't grow that way.silence will grow your voice
writing and music don't mix. you can't be good writer and listen to music because good writing is very choppy where as music must flow.
i don't like they way you write. you rhyme too much. it's so songy like. it's not beautiful. it's not poetic. it's annoying.
her name. had i forgotten it, I wondered as I strolled along the river at night. it started out like shhh...but then vanished.
the moon skipped across the water reflecting a dark, shimmering white, supernatural glow...
"I suppose change is both my weakness &amp; my strength," she said looking over with a wide smile. "but I love you, for now," to which i grinned
i continued. "the journey changes. that's why i like u. you're not stuck. you're free. there is an evolution to your ways. its exhilarating"
"do u get bored with me," she asked. i paused taking a breathe. "i dont think of u as a destination. u are the journey." "good" she laughed.
"why don't we live here," she pondered out loud. "maybe because we'd get bored with it like everything else," i replied.
"i wish i lived here. by the sea," she gracefully uttered.batting her eyes in waves of cerulean affection."me too. i would love it," i said.
lost in the movement. the escape. the sea salted air. entranced by the curves and rounded shadows of giant tall dropping cliffs.
to the coast we drove. letting our quiet mood hang out the windows. dragging the yellow sun behind us. going nowhere. just blissful.
I don't belong here.
We don't belong here.
she looked tired. maybe exhausted. I couldn't tell. maybe she was always this way. a sigh. a wink. a flickering star.
you are quite the unusual art theory.
taking very simple ideas and making them complex.
just one among seven billion.
born bruised battered ripped torn a skewed. been bleeding inside since the beginning.
that's why i also say love and hate are the same thing. same vibrant texture. waiting to color the absurd tapestry of ordinary life.
kind of like how an unexpected tango leads to drinks, flirting, farting, being repelled, then oh what the fuck, sex, more sex, don't call me
all the time is a lot. i mean. it's kind of hot not to be wanted. and then wanted. and then not wanted. and then wanted again.
all these burning illusions could only mean one thing. her poetry had found a way into the flame of my incurable madness.
vibrant. textured. like a thousand hues of summer. and that was just her eyes.
once i fell in love with a storm chaser and everything turned out so wonderfully beautiful i thought maybe the world was worth it after all.
I love days where I get so much meaningless stuff done. even if it's like piling leaves that blow away again. for a moment it felt real.
if spring could talk I'm sure it would say, "it's so fucking beautiful outside!"
invisible is where it's at. indivisible is where it once was.
where is love if the heart that loved can be broken.
where is truth if the truth can move.
a sea of sweet salted caramel. i think that's what she had her on eye on.
I think three minute supermarket aisle love can be more fulfilling than a lifetime of being together.
if risk had a body it was hers. I'd have fallen for her in every imaginable universe.
you only think work isn't a fantasy because you get paid. but what if they stopped paying you? would the fantasy you ignore not collapse...
everyone looks away. you have to. most of life is spent away. between two eye balls. locked inside. this conscious illusion.
nobody wants to fuck a beggar. and yet there the epitome of simplicity.
simplicity is always a trap. it looks good until you find the emptiness unbearable. joyful people live full and complex lives.
you were both a lovely right and a close too much. and i never felt so vulnerable. it was such an unfamiliar truth.
fuck your bureaucracy. i choose life.
kissing the sky that blinds me. heals my swollen tongue.
flip flops of forgiveness. toes of truth. soles of feet grinding deeper. sinking into the soul of the earth.
washed up. Tuesday's grey blue. ruminating the inside channels of my chakras. sun bleached utopian bum wearing nothing but sandy love.
i still hear her echoes as if she never left. as if that time still existed. as if it laid awake inside an eternity of nows.
how she held the world in the palm of her hand. inhaling the vapors of a cooling java rolling off her lips like a breathing volcano.
the sway of her dress.
the simplicity of her smile.
the fashion of the moment.
the charm of her certainty.
your view of time is limited. your view of life obtuse. yet you only deny knowing a more beautiful universe.
always try to recreate feelings. the past is very much alive. of that i am certain.
like thin mauve. like the rim of burning bliss.
could a field of eminence really contain her. or would she always want more. more life. more orchid purple sun. more everything.
how many hues could she bloom, i wondered. how much wild beauty could she hold inside.
simple. like a meadow. this love. her light. a rosy gold.
ur breathing right now. yes.yes i am. &amp; this air is so clean it reaches to the back of my throat.tugging at me adrenal. tugging at my dreams
intangible. the things we let go. like breaths. precious. pure. nearly forgotten.
maybe Id be a tall evergreen pine or a deep snaking river or a majestically carved valley.i could choose anything. anything.it was all there
feeling all happy mad inside. like i lost the world and envisioned myself reborn.
white clouds hovering in a sea of wondrous blue.
yellow lit. sun lit. so soft. so warm.
when you were real in my eyes I knew that was all I ever wanted. no illusions. no fantasies. just you. in all your raw intensity.
but singeing is love. melting is love. like when the walls of vulnerability collapse and you're in east berlin. naked &amp; hungry for change.
ur distance is reckless. ur like a star burning all its fuel w/out ever getting close enough to feel what it's like to singe another planet.
you want an easy journey. a smooth flight. but it's the bumps that really make you appreciate the road. if you're listening...
the only path through a thicket is more thicket. the tougher things get the better.
why fold when the chips are down. you might as well put everything on black.
intelligence is rare.
fake love. fake dinners. fake chatter. soak it up. your meaningless existence will thank you when you're older. aged. defiled.
hence the need for legal contracts. so lovers don't wake up in the middle of the night gasping, "my god who the fuck is this next to me..."
u fuck. but then u sleep alone. u eat. but then u sleep alone. u do most of your life alone. you're only deluded into thinking otherwise.
life feeds you words. glimmers of hope. but the world is really alone. solitary is everywhere.
being too nice is strange. a lot of people aren't used to that. they crave mean. it's how they've been bred.
she could talk and i could listen. until I got bored and she realized I wasn't a wall.
she wanted to tell me more. i could see it in her eyes. but she was too nervous and so ended up holding back.
@SpiritsMissing might be a steamy affair.
do you love because you can or because the world would not be the same without them in it. maybe that's life's missing poetry.
stars have it easy. they can shine for no reason at all. we humans. we must invent one.
and when the moonlight fades will she remember your name? doubtful...
sublime. the nothingness of night.
paradoxes multiply in the vortex of the heart. watch out for those feelings. you might find there reflections overwhelming.
but I will always regret not getting to know you.
I don't think I will ever regret not loving you.
@jayscale @streetdreamsnyc dope skateboard shot. nice!
i went missing and ended up nowhere
like will someone in the future dig them up and go "what the hell was going on in 2015?." so this is how love died.
do u ever wander what happens to all the used dildos that end up in the landfills?
is this social media or rampant narcissism? remind me.
@FleurDePomme let me guess. a velociraptor?
u write about its beauty like it just appeared.mocking it's fortitude.it's skyward ambition.u play in a sandbox. while it dreams in the sky.
brash. defiant. arrogant. these are important qualities too have. u have no idea how a tree survives. what it takes to climb above the rest.
in being me i have slain the enemy of freedom, another's opinion.
hopefully I've repelled everything insecure
I want to piss on the sun and call it art.
being hot is a burden I don't wish on anyone
attractive is great. intelligence is great. but it's only your spirit that holds any lasting value.
true beauty is only born from the ugly.
I thinks it's unfortunate woman have to talk about beauty. I wonder why no one has showed them what it is.
just remember the person u fall in love with. one day u will probably be wiping their ass as they slowly whither from old age. just saying.
you don't write about the ugly, the profane, because it scares you. having a real voice is scary. it means you have lived. life matters.
I've never met a more creative soul than a man that lives in a cardboard box. the homeless put us all to shame with their ingenuity.
don't want to join your chicago cult. don't want to be surrounded by a bunch of yes men. i prefer isolation.
my words will always be beautiful because there forever. i only do the sentimental. I'm not a whore.
this is my 90th account. have to stay ahead of the psychos
entangled in sun spokes. clobbered by silver cement.
after you there is hope. i won't have to love any longer. i can just have a real normally twisted relationship.
@GnosisNeurosis i think moments take better pictures. capture better vignettes.
seek attention all you want. my wave breaks for no one.
who will write you poetry? didn't think so. who can write a novel about you? didn't think so.
you look like a good reason to pass up everything.
carefree people start wars.
the guiltless are always the first to die.
i fear you're a coward. you need a system to feel appreciated. like a virus needs a host to feel alive.
cowards belong. the courageous always have independent minds.
all your hard work will be forgotten but you have only yourself to blame.
show me your bank account. no not your paycheck. how much do you really own. why do you allow debt to defile your freedom.
work is the new masterbation.
you bore me with your aspirations. nobody gives a fuck.
life is beyond you. it's always been outside you.
i am tomorrow and yet always a day ahead.
if you were more intelligent you might actually stand a chance.
there was nothing beautiful about us. it was only a mirage.
you sound so repetitive and boring. your not a writer. you just like attention. which is unfortunate.
you have a skill set that no one else has. yet you deny your gift because it makes you feel too alive.
you read into too many things. don't you know life is a game. you're being played.
we were never anything but a fantasy.
clouds bumping. blue sky fucking. such a dirty atmosphere.
devour your feelings or they will devour you.
just another cloud inside a blue cage.
the sun is a god. you just shield your eyes from its glory.
the less i am. the more i can be.
yours is an existence that blooms inside a spiraling window of imagination.
in belonging nowhere i found true freedom to be me.
vanishing sky, bless me in your fervent blue, stain my eyes with only the truth.
proliferation is everything.
quell the riots of noise in your head. the day will soon get much louder.
if loving too hard is a mistake then so is living.
the best things have edges. contour. shape.
your existence is limited by your imagination.
tides roll in. roll out. life as usual.
something about wanting to fuck you under a blazing sun always felt so hot.
i thought you were beautiful without saying anything. i thought you were perfect without trying.
an ocean of disappearance. a wave of distortion. a beached extinction.
today was on fire.
listening to old rap is like time traveling back to an age where things sounded more real. why did we leave there...
bristles of wired on hair syncing feedback. cyborgs of the future.
the invention of electronic memories.
the texture of something impossible.
a new bud springing from the ground thinks it's in love. the sun all too happy to play the flirt.
deliver me from the depths of my own awakening, my eyes have yet to see how beautiful you can be.
Sunday's subtle sea of blue intelligence.
black boots as high as the knee. if looks could kill she could.
some things turning blue. some things turning green. but everything turning a happy golden genius.
but what a sight to behold. a bright yellow sun dancing through the sky.
i suppose a thousand thoughts went through my head before the fog lifted.
wobbling in the darkness. unhinged to space.
the stars wake me to their golden dreams.
wine is only meant for people who take time to enjoy it.
fucking is hotter when you've waited so long.
sex is better when youre in love.
and i open my mouth as water rushes in. nourished on overflow. on the excitement of a flooding spring.
the mad sky, dark, lonely, vast, and empty. yet beautiful in how it exists for no reason at all.
the closer you get. the further i drift away. i am nothing if not a permanent paradox.
all energy borrowed and one day you have to give it back.
shimmering stars and deep thoughts. the kind with no beginning and no end.
the sea had found me black as a summer night in spain. listening to each wave, every hush, all poetry.
undeclared joy crossing borders, some things still untaxable.
art washes away from my soul, the dirt of everyday life.
destined to be forgotten. destined to be an empty halo.
cold as black wind blows across this faceless night.
rainbows &amp; waterfalls falling through my midnight mind.
triceratop hills &amp; pterodactyl clouds.
walkabout.
empty words. beautiful words. like passing from night into day.
some battered, some still smooth, some crushed to nothing but grains of golden sand.
shells scattered along the shore like old memories discarded long ago, trapped in the tidal wave of eternal recurrence.
i wondered along the sea, a shadow of my former self. evaporating like a cloud into the mist.
holding the day up with nothing but your love. yeah that was sexy too.
genuine. authentic. yeah that was sexy.
there was a time i wondered and when it didn't come true i moved on.
a glean of sun on soft cheeks. a kiss from a solitary star.
the real is immaterial.
you can only seduce with presence.
swollen words bloom the brightest.
not empty, not full, nothing.
fucking you in spring, summer, fall, and winter will each be different. that i can promise.
kisses of genius. lips of truth.
when your eyes held that sparkle. and i knew you felt a bit like magic.
the way i feel the sun is not the same as everyone.
clouds breaking like shattered glass.
im young, im dumb, but im on my way up...
it's beautiful out. im in love. and nothing else matters.
a flood of tears like a rainbow across my soul, dying their colors to my heart, hitting straight through the bone.
the lonely unconquerable silence of missing her tonight. every night. like an empty gift i have no choice but to open.
everything vanished like stars withholding their light. as if darkness was to reign supreme forever.
bruised &amp; battered unaware even to myself. lost along the way. roads trickling all the same. hungry &amp; homeless. under rain. fading away.
a prostitute of words, a jiggilo of feelings, a circus called life.
it's my mouth I can fuck what I want too.
everything that dies. someday comes back. everything that loves. rises once again. don't you know about the spring, my friend.
don't tell me anything is impossible, because everything that's true lives on.
I saw stained cobblestones of littered memories and shards of scattered trash and I know someone loved here. even in this dirty shithole.
I learned from the moon how to turn off my pain. how to let it sometimes go dark. even some days disappear.
i am living proof that waiting for something that never comes can turn into one of the most beautiful things ever read.
emerald grass growing beneath a street lamp. is it real. i don't know. if looks could feel. id guess no.
in love with the squishiness of mud. charmed by foot prints left hovering above the earth.
maybe I've never seen your eyes but your heart still finds a way into my mind. I don't really know what's real anymore.
one step left. one step right. puddle missed.
too busy walking. too busy talking. too busy being alive.
all moon full and glowing. all ecstasy under a dark shimmering sky.
the way u break my desires &amp; shatter my dreams into a million pieces of tomorrow. scattering them like tiny crystals under a rainbow'd sun.
show me weak. show me strength. deliver me from this undeniable ache.
time. hesitation. delivering me from an unconquerable patience. wanting to see the sun rise. but only with you. by my side.
unconquerable the way she moves, the grace at which she paces, like a mare gliding through the winds of my rippling imagination.
lost on her. high on an eastern sun. shadow shimmering. along a snaked blue river. along the contours of my golden heart.
the ultimate realization never arriving as we expected. pulled in so many different directions. the mind full of twists and turns.
which is what all words, sentences, &amp; even novels are. a compilation of mysterious elements giving rise to feelings we never knew we had.
never knowing quite exactly if the chemicals in my food or the wine made my words flow so good. instead learning to accept the mystery.
i ate. i drank. i wrote. mixing my actions like a master chef less concerned with the order of ingredients than the final absolute taste.
"no i will pass. i think i know what I want," having already perused the menu enough i went ahead &amp; ordered a dish &amp; bottle of cab sauv.
"would you like to hear the specials?," she asked. i paused. knowing full well Monday specials were in fact the weekends left overs.
upon sitting a blue eyed waitress appeared. hip to the latest youth driven trends. short dyed platinum hair accentuated by a nose ring.
though this was one place I enjoyed more for the pleasant atmosphere &amp; fine selection of wine than the aesthetic destiny of its unusual logo
but i wasn't surprised. culinary abstraction has long been a fad. perhaps every owner fancies himself as much a designer as a businessman.
i chose a quaint little place, called Soleil. which ironically had a logo, not of a sun, but three horizontal marks tiered in carmine red.
i wanted to go out. nobody goes out on Mondays. which was perfect. i could find a corner table at a restaurant and sit. and write. alone.
the hush of evening. swallowed by a late winter chill. silent.still.peaceful. a kind of tranquility that occasionally slips from the heavens
the day was lost. i could sense it's disappearance. as the grey sky rose. and the night came early.
renascentia.
your wrong about me. you have no idea.
bathe in sunlight streaming through a canopy of trees.
reading. 
je ne suis pas une muse
bought a notebook today and going to start hand writing from now on.
a rose so silent, so fragrant, so freshly consumed.
this is for you. the clarity of your prose is exceptional. a budding hemingway. a winter bloom. :)
@emptyelegance 
