@JeCanDance or their training needs to be amended at the very least
@JeCanDance of course not, but it's clearly not right to give them a weapon which can be used in such a way
@_Robertoo__ if activists did the same I'm sure someone would say that
@TheKirbyxox I know mate, please don't send me these any more, the pics are horrific and make me angry
@JeCanDance 
@TheKirbyxox I only get four pics mate, I can't possibly represent the whole thing.. But here's a better one 
@TheKirbyxox they use varying levels, it's still riot gear
@FaultyCivilian I agree, and I feel sorry for some of the officers because I'm sure they don't want to be there
@JeCanDance not where I live, regardless, if they can kill people with them.. And have done, why are they still issued?
@JeCanDance no, you're right, cos tear gas is invisible
However there are reports of its use in these riots, I was trying to convey sarcasm
@xTerahh  what about when protesters protect cops? Like in Baltimore; there are good and bad on either side, so why should one get weapons?
@FaultyCivilian I'm not trying to incite hatred towards cops, I just want to make people question their ability to "protect and serve"
@xTerahh @vhexspillow when has a police officer battering a protester ever helped a member of the public stay safe?
@JeCanDance have you ever seen either? There's tear gas clearly in one pic and batons and face guards in others
@xTerahh @vhexspillow they need to be prepared for self-defence, they don't need those batons.. Which have killed people
@ataliadelrio I'm not badmouthing, just offering food for thought - I would encourage you to experience the police at demos firsthand though
@FaultyCivilian @nesswilliamsx actually it's a protest - a riot suggests there's no reason or cause 
@ataliadelrio of course
however in many situations they are over equipped and it serves as an oppressive image that only encourages violence
That second pic shows cops using an incredibly painful pressure point on an activist who is clearly on the ground and outnumbered by the way
Activists turn up in cardigans &amp; jeans, cops turn up in riot gear &amp; carrying tear gas

Who really wants the fight? 
Houmous is a human right
They'll tell you it's to "record any crimes" but it's bullshit, you're all going into a database, I promise you (I'm already in it, woo!)
I guarantee that WW2 statue was vandalised by either an undercover cop or an undercover reporter

@al0nsy I only wanted to point out that respecting them does not always mean they'll respect you
@al0nsy 
@al0nsy I wish this was the case but I've had a cop push me to the ground for trying to sell copies of a Socialist paper
If you're planning on going to a protest 


The exception to this is if you are being searched, they may use force to keep you in place





If you're gonna go to protests please do yourselves (and the cause) a favour and research your rights.. Here are some important ones
What's wrong with that? I assume you're in a British owned cinema? Watching a British film? Drinking British coke? 
0.5 seconds without air wasn't SO bad 
@SonnnBee go ahead! Send me a link if you like! I'm sure it's worth a read
*DAVID CAMERON TEACHES KIDS HOW TO USE PREDATOR DRONES* 
If "hard luck" is a bad thing but luck is a good thing then "soft luck" must be fucking awesome get me some of that
*tweets about killer cereal to forget about re-elected serial killer*
There's something nuts about almond milk.. wow!
Don't get me wrong, I'm partial to dried grapes.. They just don't taste so good in almond milk
When eating Kellogg's fruit 'n fibre I avoid the raisins, occasionally one will pass my lips and I'll quickly eat a sweet dry banana slice
How did the phrase "the shit" start being used as a positive way to describe something? That must've been a really bizarre scenario
Mum, I've made it.. People are copying my tweets 
@TurbulentStoker unfortunately it seems every country has that mentality
@TurbulentStoker I've had too many of these debates as of late, I'm a CND supporter and activist.. You're not, let's leave it at that
How can they legalise a sport in which all you do is kill innocent animals? It's 2015 we're supposed to be more civilised than this
@TurbulentStoker it's still an unnecessary and very dangerous investment
I hope @rustyrockets realises he has a lot of people to cheer up with today's trews
@marsjpg @paracetamxl that'd be an ironic way to bring about "democracy"
@TurbulentStoker I KNEW somebody would call me out on this! I was speaking figuratively, you know that, haha
It's a shame The Smiths aren't still together, the next five years would give them enough material for hundreds of songs
But how would they do that? They'd need to inject every child with some kind of "vaccinati-OH SHIT
You'll all be fine as long as the government doesn't get poor and decide to unleash a virus to force us to use their private health care
David Cameron will get his karma
"people died for your right to vote" 
and now, people are going to die BECAUSE of your vote
Do you admit it now? 
Do you finally admit that your enemy is not the foreign guy you buy cigarettes from every day?
I want to break everything
"I just wanted to make Great Britain great again"
The far right supporter cries into his mum's bosom as he realises he can't afford to live
I have so much respect for the Scots who voted for change; the people who see through the media bias and political rhetoric
Look guys, the SNP aren't to blame, the media giants and older, more privileged people are
@tinyfox_ hahaha, says it all
This sounds like a spam tweet but seriously.. Your rights are being taken away and you don't even know it
Oh yeah.. Guys.. A lot of you may not have heard, but you'll never believe what's gonna happen to legal aid 

voteD*
Everyone's arguing about the election and it's like that bit at the end of the pokemon movie (with mew and mewtwo) when all the clones are f
Might as well go all out and bring back the plague
@harrhun @SamuelFitt the figures aren't here yet but I don't want to think of how many homeless / disabled / unemployed people will die here
@harrhun @SamuelFitt mate, there are 900,000 people using foodbanks.. I'd take a welfare system like Greece's over this any day
@harrhun @SamuelFitt this "capitalist world" consists of the USA and us, things can change. Capitalism has failed everyone but the bankers
@harrhun @SamuelFitt ah the same old rhetoric of "money we didn't have" except your man Osborne borrowed more in five years
@harrhun @SamuelFitt this is not "top down" where have you been living for half a decade?
Nothing irritates me more than seeing privileged white tory teenagers
@harrhun @SamuelFitt are you for real? 
The only good thing about this is that nature will be forced to fight back and wipe out the horrendous parasites that we are
I literally started crying thinking about the foxes and badgers... How am I going to get through the next five years?
This is precisely the reason they don't want to lower it
because it might actually represent the interests of the UK 
Let's not forget that we're now going to spend £80-120billion on putting nuclear submarines back in the water
But hey! It doesn't matter because you still have your fucking soaps and talent competitions, so kick back in your Palace of Indifference
@tinyfox_ I'm serious ffi! You have to JUST DO some things and tweet others
@tinyfox_ ffi, be careful saying stuff like this
The painful truth
Please use what's left of your right to protest to fight this, because I guarantee you they'll find a way to take that away from us
I'm honestly fucking heartbroken
More zero hour contracts
More food banks
More power to corporations
More banker bonuses
More benefit cuts
More tuition fee rises
Less foxes
This whole farce of an election just goes to show how much of an influence the Daily right-wing rags have on people
@kittynoise you GO!
@ me next time  
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili I don't see any need to be condescending, I'm not criticising you or having a go
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili a coalition would still need approval, I can't see it happening (in the hypothetical situation of a PR system)
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili we can only hope for the best, whatever that is
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili but labour would still have somewhere near 30% 
They wouldn't pass a ConKip coalition with such a high Lab %
@tinyfox_ I think it did ffi, I think it did
@itsjust_lili @BenMcKinlayMP in a PR system  10% would be nothing compared to the devastating effects of a landslide tory win
I wish I could blissfully go through life watching the soaps and eating takeaways and doing my ironing but NO I had to give a shit didn't I?
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili that would be nowhere near as bad as a Tory win
MILLIONS DIAGNOSED DEPRESSED AT TORY WIN

NONE CAN AFFORD TREATMENT
The Conservative party remind me of the Ministry of Magic
Have you ever had to use a foodbank? 
I have, and it's ridiculous because six years ago I didn't even know what they were
I just want my 500 star tweet thing
Headlines next week:
ENTIRE INDIE TWITTER MOVES TO BRIGHTON IN SEARCH OF GREEN LEADERSHIP
I blame Bruno Mars, that bloody Upmarket Frack U Up distracted everyone
It's nice that you guys are all up tonight because normally I'm awake until like 3 every night and you're all sleeping like logs x
@wa11fl0wer 
WE NEED PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION
I feel like the female protagonist in the lyrics to Common People is a good representation of every tory voter
Remember to get a good night's sleep tonight guys, cos fracking right under your home is going to keep you awake for the next five years
The real winner here is Rupert Murdoch
I think I'm the only one on Twitter who's watching the ITV coverage
Why is everyone on TV so excited and laughing and such? Oh yeah, they're all rich and don't represent any of the actual residents of the UK
I started the day so optimistic and happy, now I feel like George Orwell after he finished 1984
Ah sustainable rock and roll 
Don't worry kids, we'll be fine it's just sustainable rock and roll
That's an insult to true democracy
I wish people wouldn't call this system we live in a "democracy"
Farage just pulled a Robert Downey Jr
Just booked my ticket to North Korea
I can't wait for the real revolution, this election is gonna force it upon is
How to get young people involved in politics:
Listen to their opinions and try and meet their needs

It's not hard is it?
If the Conservatives win I'm just gonna skip college tomorrow because I'll never be able to afford uni or healthcare or fuckin anything
If the tories get in (and it looks like they probably will) the whole UK better be on the streets in opposition
@ Scotland please separate from the UK and then let me move in
This sounds like a threat, oh dear, no I mean that austerity and poverty and privatisation of the NHS are going to cost lives
People are going to die because of this
@RBB1959 I'm not up for any more debating, it became a mess of personal attacks
@Maxaretunit or nothing, just a suggestion based on the fact that everyone else has
@Maxaretunit leave it pal
@northernvice and what are you hoping to achieve?
@northernvice I didn't bring the place where I reside into it
@neilosborne5_  who said I don't wash? I'd argue living in a caravan is more character building than a run of the mill house
@V4VixVendetta @LordyDJ85 @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @Maxaretunit that's the thing, she does, even when you throw it back in her face
@neilosborne5_ @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee life experience is not defined by years
@neilosborne5_ @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee I really pity you, you're clearly a very sad person.. I don't think you can even see it
@neilosborne5_ @ccccclarkee @Maxaretunit @RealBlackIrish @mickyluv7 don't be so fucking rude
@Little_G2 at no point have I said anything about spending money that isn't there
@realmonkey2 @mickyluv7 @Little_G2 please do!
@Little_G2 I don't want to discuss my job openly on Twitter, you're welcome to DM me if you're genuinely interested
@Maxaretunit @ccccclarkee @V4VixVendetta @RealBlackIrish @mickyluv7 Steve, leave.
@milkypirate thanks man!
@realmonkey2 @mickyluv7 @Little_G2 you know where the block button is pal
@Little_G2 I work with young offenders, ex and current drug and alcohol addicts and the occasional rapist
@Little_G2 there's no reason it can't become more of a utopia
@Little_G2 it was a question
@Little_G2 and you're happy to keep it that way? Thanks for summarising my whole argument
@neilosborne5_ only doing as you do pal
@Little_G2  this is hardly comparable to nuclear war, he's consistently making attacks on me as a person despite my leaving the debate
@Little_G2 @mickyluv7 @ccccclarkee @B00B_DYLAN I prefer fighting fire with fire.. Especially when he's adding no real points
@mickyluv7 @ccccclarkee @Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN mate.. You're like twice our age, shouldn't you be in bed by now?
@neilosborne5_ that's very vague, but you do look ever so eloquent based on your profile
@Inst_4_Studies @mickyluv7 had one back in '09 

Totally overrated, GM crap
@neilosborne5_ please point out where I said anything that suggested I'm not intelligent
I'm exhausted, I'm no longer debating with anyone.. It just results in getting written off due to my age, diet and lifestyle
@mickyluv7 @V4VixVendetta I'm not surprised no one's jumping to argue with such intolerant, ignorant bastards
@Little_G2 no, I propose we live comfortably with our deterrents until one accidentally goes off and the whole planet is destroyed
@Little_G2 sure okay, off you trot back to your real world then.. Leave us Unicorns to take LSD and paint ourselves
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I've never said I wanted free University tuition
@Little_G2  the "real world" where everyone stands in petrol and waves their matches around.. Sure, I'm the one with no grip on reality
@prankyDuck @Little_G2 nuclear weapons have hardly stopped the multitude of terrorist attacks in the past 20 years
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN who are you to decide which degrees benefit all?
@Little_G2 there is no evidence supporting this ridiculous "nuclear deterrent" notion if that's what you're implying
@SidneyAloysius  @B00B_DYLAN isn't it? What is it then? Please analyse the deeper secrets of life and put them into 140 characters
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN you're encouraging class divide there.. Also, it's not about having it paid for, it's about the extortionate cost
@SidneyAloysius and that too is minimal to Mr Osborne's borrowing
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN £6,000 is hardly "free"
@Little_G2 if we continue to use nuclear weapons there will be nothing to take care of, not a plant, or a deficit, or an animal.. Sweet fa
@SidneyAloysius tackle those keeping money in o/s accounts of their own first? Y'know, In this country? See what the deficit looks like then
@mickyluv7 @Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN another assumption based only on the ideologies bestowed upon you by society and mainstream media outlets
@Little_G2 I think it'd be silly to think otherwise
Come on guys, they're ASKING for it 
@findingfinlay just read all of this, it's ridiculous
@Little_G2 if you can justify renewing Trident THEN we can talk about where money is being wasted
@WelshTeacup @sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I'm intrigued; what do you spend your time doing besides debating with teenagers online?
Walk away Sidney, you're going to get into a lot of trouble with all that ignorance  
@Little_G2 can you justify the renewal of Trident?
@WelshTeacup @sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I'd like to think there'll be no tory party in 10/15 years.. Perhaps even electoral reform
@Little_G2 the tories have outlined their plans for ridiculous measures of austerity whilst you only have historical stuff on other parties
I guess it's a good job you'll never be welcome then  
@Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN what is the deal with you guys and swearing? Seriously.. Get over it!
@Little_G2 again.. Are you assuming I voted labour? Pretty foolish
@Little_G2 serious answer - who are we referring to here? You don't even know who I voted for
@findingfinlay horrific right? They all seem to find something funny about ganging up on a 19 year old and mocking his appearance too haha
@B00B_DYLAN @WelshTeacup @sassycassyL she's given a nationality to a piece of crockery laur, you don't have time for this
Says it all 
More ignorant statements about what men and women should look like  
Just some casual objectification // jokes about genderfluidity 

Feel free to call them out because I'm getting bored 
@SidneyAloysius take care, this wasn't personal.. And I forgive you for calling me a smelly vegan hippie or whatever
@archfarchnad but thanks for sticking up for me.. Sort of
@archfarchnad I've had 4 jobs
the current one has put me forward as guest of honour at a Royal Garden Party on Tuesday
I've achieved nothing
@mickyluv7 is this meant to be one of those "har har har it's funny because I implied he's homosexual" jokes? Just LOOK at that compassion!
@SidneyAloysius i'd argue it shows greater compassion to vote for a party that has more than just an elite few's monetary wellbeing in mind
So they mock my veganism and then ask me to justify what I do that's compassionate? Hmm idk.. Being vegan?
@SidneyAloysius and I'm trying to say that if there is nothing compassionate about voting for them then how am I wrong?
@mickyluv7 I'm obviously not "underdeveloped" but the lack of photos of you make it very questionable that you're in peak physical condition
@mickyluv7 care to expand?
Remember guys, I'M the child 
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN
@SidneyAloysius where is the compassion in voting for fracking, fox hunting, TTIP, welfare cuts and crippling foreign countries?
@_nancy_bae I think they're just mad because bedroom tax won't cover it
these people are proving just how compassionate the tory demographic are Feel free to jump in
they're here in numbers 
@sassycassyL @SidneyAloysius I'm sorry but is this going anywhere? Cos I've got trees to hug
@SidneyAloysius @sassycassyL isn't it obvious?
@sassycassyL  as soon as a tory voter can explain how their vote represents compassion I'll be happy to hear them out
@sassycassyL @SidneyAloysius I can take well articulated points about how I'm wrong, but you've offered none
@sassycassyL I can see no compassion in voting for the tories, also, please stop referring to me as a "child", old wench
@PyroLordOfFire this is coming from the TF2 character? Do you really think you're in a position to judge me?
@SidneyAloysius @sassycassyL no need to be condescending dear
@WelshTeacup  I'd like to question the "wildlife lover" bit of your bio.. Since being free-spirited and loving animals is so ridiculous
This is hilarious, look how mad they get 
@sassycassyL none of you have justified voting them to me so far.. You're all too keen to make personal attacks against me
@sassycassyL @WelshTeacup is my gender relevant? Yeah, it kind of is. Is my hair? Or where I live? Or my bio? No
@sassycassyL you right wingers are so quick to pull the "freedom of speech" card though?
@sassycassyL @WelshTeacup you realise I'm a guy yeah? Hahahaha
@sassycassyL have you no real argument to come back with? Is that your problem?
@sassycassyL less classy than voting for a party that wants to kill foxes and frack under homes and give corporations unstoppable power?
I walked into media 10 minutes late and my tutor said, in front of the whole class, "ah here he is! CND Malone"
I'm such a dork 
@rosa_jenkins DM me their profile and I'll do it
Cool story: the leader of the Green Party Wales ( @pippabartolotti ) gave me this badge at an anti-racism demo
Wear it with pride <VICTORY HAND> #Greens 
Surely a party with a pound sign logo should be enough to show you where the interests of it's MPs lie?
How can we even trust an election after the Scottish referendum fix?
No one even appreciates the cheekbones??
If you vote conservative how do you sleep knowing you support the murder of these poor animals for "sport"? 
Not true, if you don't vote and you make no efforts to improve your situation via other means THEN you have no right 
I get 30 retweets before I even get out of bed
You may have heard of the controversial 'Ban the Burka' but have you heard of the lesser known 'Formalise the Fedora'?
UKIP want to make fedoras mandatory
At 17 you may drive, you may donate blood, you may even apply for a pilot's license but YOU MAY NOT have a say in how your life is run
If you vote conservative you may as well just write "I have no compassion and can't see beyond my own privilege" on the ballot paper
This seems apt 
@hornHater69 we don't have a constitution pal
[  to the tune of House of Fun // Madness  ] 

Welcome to the House    of    Commons 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
@UnfamiliarMia dammit! That's a great point
I wish companies would stop mocking the election to sell their products
At 16 you must pay adult fares, you may smoke, you may have sex, you may even get married
but YOU MAY NOT have a say in how your life is run
@FfionRadford even though a couple of the parties likely to gain power want to lower the age to 16
@scifiglitter they've been a pretty shitty local authority to be honest.. It's a shame
@scifiglitter labour win by a landslide here, every time!
The equivalent of saying UKIP aren't a racist party
Wanna come to my house party? It's not a fancy dress party but everyone who's coming will be in fancy dress
@B00B_DYLAN let me do a little analogy for this.. mhm.. just a moment
Nick Clegg has promised not to increase the battery life of smartphones... Triple the power! Awesome!
@scifiglitter it's less about that though, with marginal differences between lab &amp; con the pressure of smaller parties can make a difference
"young people don't care about politics" 
Yeah because all the old people vote the same old shit in every time
Johnny Marr doesn't like David Cameron so neither should you
Nigel Farage reminds me of King Herod
I'm opening my home up to any migrants if UKIP win, cos I'll be over the border faster than Nigel Farage can say something atrocious
Tomorrow Farage will be chain-smoking in an armchair, crying into his cheap British ale
If you're not gonna vote then at least get involved in direct action
Attend and organise peaceful protests, sign petitions, spread awareness

*a drunken working class man wandering home from the pub*

Ah I'd love a kebab.. 

Where are all the fucki.. 
Oh shit, I voted UKIP
Ed Miliband knows what it's like to be a uni student, his family are currently helping him pick a toaster for his new flat on Downing Street
David Cameron and Nick Clegg are currently dividing their record collection as they pack up 10 Downing Street
Don't think we forgot how much you supported the Greens
Peace and Russell endorse Labour and Ed becomes a meme &amp; suddenly you're all over it
I can't get 
I'm a Conservative // The Eversons
 out of my head and it's so inappropriate
Ian Brady likes UKIP 
Noel Gallagher likes The Conservatives
An autobiography by ffi 
I promise you if you vote conservative or UKIP I will be able to SMELL it on you, I'll glare at you for the rest of your life
Anyone who votes conservative has been living under a rock for the past five years
@lllsmy tell it to the asylum seekers desperately trying to make it over the border because Western intervention has destroyed their home!
*plot twist*
connor votes ukip
Die Antwoord would vote Green
<CLOCKWISE RIGHTWARDS AND LEFTWARDS OPEN > Repeat after me kids <CLOCKWISE RIGHTWARDS AND LEFTWARDS OPEN > 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities
@TheSunNewspaper 
You literally bring nothing good to the world, your best asset is a cheap holiday for the very families you help keep poor
@TheSunNewspaper 
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you
Option 2
Wasted votes do exist and that proves the system has failed, we need parliamentary and electoral reform: take to the streets
Option 1
There's no such thing as a wasted vote, the two main parties are just scared of the power smaller parties are gaining
The only way to end tactical voting is to stop tactical voting!
I'm dreading seeing the headlines of the Daily Mail, The Sun and The Telegraph today.. They were all getting nervous enough yesterday
You wanna talk about cultural appropriation?
*record scratches to a halt*
I sincerely hope you don't have tattoos unless you're Neolithic
Remember guys, you're only successful if you've got a decent salary! Even if you're the most horrible person ever the system will reward it
Hey kids! it's okay! 
Nuclear weapons will kill you one day!
I prefer their older, lesser known stuff..
Oh you like the Green Party? I bet you can't name 5 of their policies 
Oh the environment? 
That's not their best, so overhyped
Remember guys, if you've ever had a "vote green" twibbon you've sold your life away to the Green Party, you're also vegan now.. sorry
I'm a family computer therapist
@yellerzz I'm glad, don't let the education system beat you down; there is far far more to life than grades
(I reassure myself with this more and more as I approach my exams)
Whats hard to believe about this? I mean 'a group of criminals' is vague but they're clearly referring to themselves 
My 12 year old brother is begging me to play fifa with him and I'm really putting it off because I know he's gonna beat me so easily
If UKIP supporters had brains, they'd look like this 
In two days, no matter what happens, we will have one of the most fragile governments in decades; the perfect time to take to the streets
Never thought a tweet about houmous would be so popular
@tinyfox_ sounds delicious
hahahaha 
Hmu if you have so I can direct you to all my comments
Don't stop, don't look back your love's like a heart attack
@SimplyLauraHere Oh god, this was painful to read
Ace ace ace x 
If you hate UKIP (and let's be honest, why wouldn't you?) you should join this page! We can like eachother's posts x 
@Jacklish1 ikr? Those little teacups are had asf to keep on those tiny saucers.. And I'd be nervous if paps were constantly watching me eat
@mattstille I'm so confused
@flvral thank you! I appreciate your patience to my ignorance
@moonageddream you know full well how bad this is for my ego
Could someone be a dear and a patient one at that and explain why PoC is preferred / not preferred... Is it an American thing? Universal?
All this attention on Facebook is making me reclusive and shy
This cringey cry for attention is still a thing??? 
Let start an Ed Miliband
The Slice of Life smells like popcorn; I haven't eaten popcorn in almost a year
@0ldSouls a Facebook friend posted this 
"bloody immigrants coming here and not bothering to learn our language"
- The UKIP supporter complains, frequently mixing up you're and your
"bloody immigrants coming here and not bothering to learn our language" 
- The Welsh lad protests, despite knowing no Welsh
@pleurocarpous apologies! I guess colloquialisms rub off on you don't they?
Don't tell me gay marriage is unnatural because that statement assumes any form of marriage is natural; it is not, of course
@rash_erz @_kelseylawrence are you a self-confessed racist or homophobe?
Looking at the human race like 
Ayyyyy
Because I'm not prioritising it already 
Mum: "if you lose any more weight you need to prioritise your health over this silly veganism thing"
Looked down and I was wearing Star Wars Pj's.. May the 4th be with you 
I feel like death 
@SamLFL someone RTd it and I saw it.. Doesn't make my point any less relevant
When he misses your indirect but replies to a random tweet:/<BROKEN HEART> 
Whenever brandon tweets die antwoord lyrics it makes me happy as fuk
Beats the guy who left his kid in a pub, the guy who denies climate change and the guy who tripled tuition fees  
Did people like this cos they can relate or cos the concept of me consuming so much houmous that it alters my biological makeup is funny?
Bias Bias (vote) Conservative 
Or BBC for short
I can't I can't I can't stay around heeeere
I just found out about Joan Cusack, I cannot believe this
I can't even pass my A Levels, what was I thinking?
Activism is tweeting from the comfort of your white privilege
@tinyfox_ I can show you the way
@tinyfox_ it's the ultimate aesthetic goal and I've achieved it, feel like ezra
When it's late at night and you start getting overly confident in your abilities 
Is it reeeaaally possible to teach yourself to be fluent in another language?
People who say islamophobia and homophobia can't exist because "a phobia is a FEAR" are either missing the point or avoiding the obvious
@AshOrWhatever I have to meditate, fill the cafetiere dear
Joe looks so much like his dad it's unreal  
@AshOrWhatever I'm doing the turkey trot, alone, in the Slice of Life
When you're a solid 33/19 
@AshOrWhatever why are you not making your bro a coffee?
need only look at icons to know what they care for
Lib = pride 
Lab = patriotism 
Con = Elite UK
UKIP = blind patriotism 
Green = THE PLANET
#Greens 
#Labour 
#conservative 
#UKIP 
#LibDems
@kittynoise Oh okay cool, good morning
Anyone who's part of/a supporter of the LGBT+ community should be voting for the #GreenParty
@kittynoise I'm so confused.. Am I "fishing for attention"? " floundering about"?   What are the connotations of this???
I feel like the only person in the world who's awake... My timeline hasn't seen a tweet since my last one
@dirtysheeets just tell her to Google how much worse the war on drugs is than the actual effects of consuming cannabis
The "friend zone" is just a concept created to allow men to once again blame their inadequacies on women in order to avoid a damaged ego
David Cameron is a great guy 
The diamond dogs are poachers and they hide behind trees
Sexuality: Ed Miliband staring right at the camera in any given situation 
I can hear a lamb in pain, I feel compelled to find it and save it
Yeah but don't call a human being "disgusting"  
Seriously, the BBC is evil 
The oldest public service broadcaster should just die already 
Don't let the fact that the Royal Family have working reproductive systems stop you from thinking about #FreddieGray
@pearlmystic I feel like there's something unhealthy about this calum darling
I just had cereal for the first time in 10 months, oh wow I've been missing out
All 'male oppression' stems from patriarchy and it's funny that people can't see that
Just a reminder that the Royal Baby's socks probably cost more than your whole wardrobe
A brief summary of everything wrong with the world 
You know what they call the royal baby in France? A Royale with appointees
When you listen to Royals // Lorde to be ironic 
get get get get get over it
#cnd
I wanna be in a band, I play bass and have an overinflated ego
By the way, when they say the bankers stole and gave themselves big bonuses, they mean the chief bankers, not Sue from your local branch
Fridge magnets are hideous.. They encourage people to put a pastiche of clashing concepts all over their home appliances
Essentially, since having their first child the Dutchess and Prince have gone on holiday and made another one.. How productive
Might as well just call her Kate Kiddleton
I just realised I have no idea what any of the Royal Family members surnames are
I feel like I've reached a new low, bring back the pics where I'm reading or drawing or doing something intellectual
It's 10:45, I've just gotten out of bed and I'm already taking over enthusiastic shots of me drinking soya milk 
They're literally sharing someone's private photos and acting like it's okay? ?? ?? ?  
@Daily_Star you're disgusting  you're disgusting you're disgusting you're disgusting you're disgusting 
I have to go into work today (I've never worked on the weekend before) but it's okay because my boss promised to bring croissants in
I'm an organ donor and I can't help but think that the NHS will be disappointed when they cut me open and realise I'm actually 80% houmous
The graphics in the new update of DayZ are amazing 
Kinda ridiculous how MPs call for only "skilled migrants" when Downing Street hasn't seen a PM do their job well in decades
@callumniall_ @neverlandkatie is that really the best you can do? No wonder you can't get your head around feminism
@callumniall_ @neverlandkatie you're full of shit mate, can't say you worded it wrong when you said you DISAGREE with it twice in one tweet
If you've ever been a victim blamer you need to read this (and then unfollow me) 
When you're the only vegan in the squad and you hit the carvery 
Can you take a selfie of me?
Repping my favourite band tee
@plainwhitets 
Stay with me and make me smile
My little sister has put signs up all over the house calling it a "hotel"
she's labelled herself a "staff member" 
This is mad, hashtags that generate emojis #BB8 #STORMTROOPER
@nokatieno does this include us?? ! We're excited to get you on the channel!
I wanna sleep with common people
I only have 6 months and 2 weeks left of being a teenager, help
You can't measure the length of depth so don't assume you can measure the length, width or depth of time
Yesterday I heard a girl say "my dad gave me twenty quid this morning" 
And then she and her friend shouted in unison "McDonald's!!!!!"
With regards to the Baltimore Riots 

@moonageddream good luck! It's gonna take some real searching, you've already ruled out most of my jackets
"I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds" -- Bob Dylan
You know, instead of encouraging greed and taking more than you need
@moonageddream I feel it would be yet another situation where I could pull off your clothing better than you
What about instead of doing buy one get one free we do buy one one gets donated to a foodbank?
@moonageddream you asked two questions dear I was merely answering the latter
@moonageddream excellent attire for the Brits
A Muse song comes on as you're leaving the room 
@adamj1193 @Jacklish1 omg guys
@Jacklish1
You'll never guess how many pieces of toast I've eaten in the past 20 minutes 
FUCKING NONE, MY TOASTER IS SLOW AS SHIT
Feeling intimidated and insecure, I feel like I'm made of something fragile today
My phone screen is covered in couscous
@treesontoast excuse me
I'm about to go (cruelty free) HAM
"where do you see yourself in five years?" 
I don't conform to the ideologies of the concept of time that's been adopted by our society
Guns don't kill people, cops do
@FfionRadford what does this MEAN
Sounds like a good night 
I'm so drunk 
Je suis drunk
A a a a a a a a oh
I love you all
Took a selfie with Alice's mum, the night's off to a good start
It has begun! 
My first night out blerghh 
The people who wrote these comments should be given no platform to shout their ignorance from 
Credit to @moonageddream for the photography excellence
Hippie flower prince 
I really have some wonderful friends, is there much else?
@ccccclarkee @B00B_DYLAN @FfionRadford NOT AS MUCH AS MEEE!
@tinyfox_ how do you know this
My favourite part is the cat, he sort of resembles Aslan 
I still cant believe Rik Mayall, Robin Williams and Terry Pratchett are dead
r.i.p @Kurt_loves_me_2
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @FfionRadford 
*cough* new @ *cough*
Do you remember Trent from My Parents Are Aliens?
Well @tinyfox_ and I added him on fb
we've been friends ever since 
I can't think of anything
The day has arrived...... it's been over two years........ I'm changing my @
I feel like @uglytxsser 's followers must be sick of my name
@milkypirate exactly
My parents came back from their holiday with this gift for me.. They're fully endorsing the Slice of Life lifestyle 
She skirted around the idea that essentially "kids these days" are weaker and can't cope like they should
My mum said something ridiculously ignorant about self-harm and how "no one did that when I was young"
I watched Age of Ultron yesterday and it was so so good
Freedom of speech is your right, but all-encompassing tolerance is your humanitarian obligation
I legitimately woke up this morning having had a nightmare about the whole thing
Freedom of speech is not 
Being racist, homophobic, transphobic, islamophobic, sexist, misogynistic, objectifying or intolerant in any way
Tonight I'm going out with my friends.. In town.. Scary stuff
People got money and extravagant gifts for passing their GCSEs, I've been formally invited to the Queen's pad and no one batted and eyelid
@RedScareBot Вы не ждут перемен , необходимо создать его
I don't endorse communism by any means, it's built to fail
It doesn't matter if you're an anarchist or a communist who's against voting if you're not participating in alternative, direct action
"girls already have equality" he says, folding page three away and texting the woman he calls his "bird"
Je t'adore @noelfielding11
Hey Scenesters!
All the major banks have millions of pounds worth of shares in Arms companies - that should tell you something about war
ICouldGetARecordPlayerAndAGeneratorGenerateTheMusicThatMakesYouFeelBetter
Do you know what's disgusting? That so many girls are forced to "dress like boys" to feel safer late at night
WE  ARE ADVENTURING WE ARE ADVENTURERS
Angsty teen on a train 
Would you rather be able to fly at walking speed or walk at running speed permanently?
The train conductor has walked past me three times and not asked me for a ticket, am I invisible? #Selfie 
I'm a walking stereotype
Put your feet back on the gr-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ound
I've had the same jeans on for four days now, I'm gonna go to a disco in the middle of town
Oh.. Only God can judge you? 
That's weird cos I think you're a twat
Shake me into the night and I'm an easy lover
Take me into the fight and I'm an easy brother
Just me? Ok
WHO'S COMING??? 
Oh gosh, it's twenty past eight and I've already started the social justice parade
Please don't tell me you're trying to profit off the murders committed by your competitors @wearefordogs @PedigreeUS 
Good morning folks!
Money isn't made to buy things
Things are made to sustain money
This is getting out of hand... 
My friends tried to use that app on my dog 
Is it illegal to refuse burial or cremation in your will? Can you ask to be like.. Propped up against a tree or something?
What's the phobia for when you're afraid of people self-diagnosing phobias? Because I think I have it
@muayfarang555 what exactly have I done wrong? Pointed out some of many genuine atrocities committed by the British?
How can anyone feel good in themselves when they treat other people with a snobby, haughty prejudiced attitude?
The bus driver gave me a reyt dirty look when I showed her my pass.. How do people get away with horrendous customer service?
Hatred of capitalism is preferred
Ideal candidates will have experience in being tolerant, and consider themselves intersectional feminists
Who wants to form a gang of "UKIP propaganda hunters"? 

We'll cruise around tearing their posters down and interrogating their campaigners
Isn't it sad that the only way people can feel united is in being part of a persecuted minority group?
It's sad because ignorance and rejection for the sake of rejection will often have life-changing consequences for members of the community
Of course marriage falls under LGBT+ rights but it's topical and the only way to get people to listen
People who vote against gay marriage/LGBT+ rights: congrats, you've voted against something that has no impact on your life
The media are relishing in this Ed Miliband shit because they know it's distracting young people from the real consequences of the election
#ProudToBeEnglish just encourages blind nationalism 
I had Kylie Jenner lips before it was cool
Look @ me now 
Look @ me now
It's sad that I can be recreated so easily with an app
@jellyfishperms this is near Crosskeys in South East Wales
@jellyfishperms arsonists! With no care or compassion.. Coupled with very dry conditions and lots of bracken and stuff
@tinyfox_ I'm not even sure, @____abbi has it, some weird foreign app or s/t that makes you dance
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @FfionRadford @tinyfox_ @brendonsbutt
@tinyfox_ I've never seen one this bad!
This is fucked up 
@milkypirate it happens every year! Nightmare
The mountain where I live is on fire and it's bad R.I.P animals, have a wonderful next life <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
THERE IS A GUY THAT SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE FFION RADFORD INSIDE AND IM SO SCARED WTF HOW
I'd slide into my own DMs if it were possible
The hottest possible state for something to be in (literally aflame) has caused my ears and nose to be cripplingly cold
And it's ironic because it's due to the fact that I had to walk home because of a FIRE
My ears are cold
@B00B_DYLAN is that meant to be a caravan because it looks like a jeep
Thanks
Your hair grew and you got sexy
What happened to me 
Only to be stopped by the police because of a huge forest fire.. Which meant I had to walk for an hour anyway
A lady who works in Morrisons Garage ended up giving me a lift home at quarter to eleven
What a fucking night!
When you encounter a fuckboy/meninist imagine them not naked, but in their sexist, sleazy one-liner boxers
I just stepped on a weighing scales to try and check the time...
@tinyfox_ I would have but didn't see it sorry ffi !
I don't believe in horoscopes.. but I'm a Scorpio so I'm naturally sceptical
Why does the guy on @StagecoachWales WiFi thing look like Putin? 
Rad barbecue update, soz 4 spamming 
Mad barbecue ting with squaddies @jacklish1 and @abbilloydx3 
Hate to Say I Told You So // The Hives
Being a boy is like sucking a lemon
I listen to Bohemian Like You at least three times a week
"what time is it?" 
Time for Royal Blood 
Don't look back into the sun <BLACK SUN WITH RAYS>
My sister and I are having a dad dance off to Snap Out of It // AM
alt-J make me want to weep into a pillow they're so fxcking good
Laura Marling ace ace ace
(my family are on holiday, is that a coincidence? I think not)
I am in such a good mood
I'm a happy idiottttt
Every single conversation with @brendonsbutt 
I want to listen to Lazaretto for the rest of my life
I remember t-shirt weather
THIS IS NOT A PARTY
IT'S A HURRICANE
"you have the most irritating music taste" 
- my sister upon hearing Die Antwoord
One of the worst situations to be in:
on a cold bus with the windows open, you're near the window and all the passengers are counting on you
Kieran is retweeting selfies but I haven't got any notifications, what's that all about?
@FfionRadford @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee you don't like drugs
All we do is take selfies in film 
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee  happy 4/20 day <VICTORY HAND>
@B00B_DYLAN I was waiting for this
Feel like I've broken my nose
Stupid woman at the bus stop sprang out of nowhere so the driver hit the brakes really hard and I headbutted the fucking window
I must have snoozed my alarm fifteen times this morning
Without you I'm nothing
This basically sums up my reaction to the mainstream media, the news, current politicians, and college 
I'm so sick of not being able to sleep
<VICTORY HAND> Lovely <VICTORY HAND> 
I'm all tweeted out, it's been an intense week
I'm just gonna send people this picture when they ask what bands I like
A system cannot fail those it was never meant to protect (us)
David Cameron looks like he knows useless facts about different breeds of wildflower
Ed Miliband looks like he's constantly on the verge of talking about how he got 100% attendance five years running in Eton
Nigel Farage looks like the kind of guy who's favourite line is "you can't do that, it's against health and safety regulations"
The visual representation of when you're destroying someone in a Facebook argument so they get their friends involved 
If I was a girl and someone gave me flowers I'd be well pissed off, who said I was in the financial state to raise a bouquet?
I specialise in watching everyone else have a great Saturday night via social media
Next in my scope is Lockheed Martin
They will tell you when the bombs need blastin'
Don't think, just listen to the songs, keep dancin'
They call it warfare but your wars aren't fair
If they were there'd be suicide bombers in Arms Fairs
and I said "not it's not, Zayn's still there" and she screamed at me
My little sister was watching a One Direction music video and I said "who's that?" and she said "One Direction"
I smell lovely cos I'm vegannnn 
look dead feel dead 
One time I was going to bed and then decided to go to the shop first, pretty crazy right?  
@al0nsy hahahaha
I literally cannot stand people copying me
Last night a friend of mine who's a rapper was over and we got him to freestyle over Darude // Sandstorm
All I see is beams all I see is steel beams
Imagine being the guy who always plays the guitar around a fire, imagine the pressure
@riIey69 WAIT... HE ISN'T DEAD
Why haven't they got a "trending images" thing?
90° whip-pans and symmetry and great colour palettes
Imagine Wes Anderson started filming porn
@Jacklish1  
@ArrivaTW Hi Nia, this is the Ebbw Vale to Cardiff at 16:00 on Wednesday last week  ☮
I just want to say how glad I am your extortionate fares go towards improving the service

@ArrivaTW  @thetrainline 
@_nancy_bae it was golden
My sister thinks my Saturdays are so exciting she should take photos of them 
"I don't drink water anyway I drink pure fuckin energy"
So did like.. No one listen to their parents when they said "don't talk to strangers online"? Because I'm pretty sure it's all any of us do
Somebody come do something with me today, preferably you'll have all the ideas, money and transportation
@kittynoise I had a feeling it might
I hate consumerism 
Ooh record store day!
My Saturday plans are riveting 
I WANNA SEE ALL YOU MOTHERFUCKERS JUMPING THE FUCK UP 
I WANT PLANS
<BABY CHICK><COW><PIG>=/=<FORK AND KNIFE><FORK AND KNIFE><FORK AND KNIFE>
Please leave your casual racism at home, or in a Green Party recycling plant where it belongs

 @UKIP @UKIPWales 
Going on private before I have chance to regret something 
@can_y0u_help_me
I fell asleep to videos of Tommy Robinson being made to look a dick last night
My neighbour just saw me and said "off out for the night is it?" to which I replied "no, just going up the shop" 
she seemed so disappointed
Wouldn't you rather make one person smile for a moment than make someone insecure for years?
Imagine if people put as much effort into being kind to people as they do in looking for reasons to be unkind to people
I implore you to ask who the real failure is
The one who chases a useless, conceptual product 
Or the man who sees the real currency in life
So when you have no interest in superficial, meaningless concepts of capital then you slip through the cracks and are branded a "failure"
The problem with the Western education system is that it's built entirely on teaching you to chase after money
It must be satire
 It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
Please God I hope it's satire
I can't even begin to describe how angry I am at this 
I have to sit both my English mocks today and they're like an hour and a half each
(  IF YOU FAV THIS HE'LL GET LOADS OF NOTIFICATIONS - IMAGINE HIS WIFE TELLING HIM OFF COS HIS PHONE KEEPS VIBRATING ON THE BEDSIDE TABLE  )
We were hoping for some romance
I just want @Ed_Miliband to notice me
if anyone with significant power in this world can justify causing our own extinction by using nuclear weapons then we deserve to be extinct
people are fragile things, you should know by now, be careful what you put them through
If you teach your daughter to be embarrassed to play with "boyish" toys then you're spreading gender-based oppression
If you teach your son to be embarrassed for liking "feminine" things then you're sowing the seeds of the perpetuation of patriarchy
[  Political Pick-up Line No. 1  ] 

I'm really not into fascist, bigoted ideals of racism
But I'd let UKIP in my bed
Half an hour late for media and still not there
I love the chosen one
When you write memes on public transport 
@nineinchbeatles 
A year ago at this time I was seeing British Sea Power, such a good gig 
@pearlmystic let's bring this back
#WhyImVotingUkip because Nige's alcohol and tobacco consumption aren't a strain on the NHS but foreign people are
@wolfalxce @nokatieno it's like a twitter collab of two of my favs how cool
There's a rad protest on Queen Street in Cardiff today for a £10 minimum wage, it starts at 5 and you should attend if you live nearby!!!
Yo hi-tek 
u fink u can fuck wif summing like dis?
This song is basically my life
Twenty-five years ago they spoke out and they broke out
Of recession and oppression and together they toked
Walkin' On The Sun // Smash Mouth
it's been a bad day please don't take a picture
I just love R.E.M
I can also do a great cover of "train horn" by Trains
If you beliiieeeeve they put a man on the moon
@moonageddream I will, somehow, I have to save my kidney anyway.. in case Nirvana do a comeback tour
I have a harmonica and I've mastered one song, it's an original and I call it "the sound of a harmonica"
@moonageddream lucky you! I'll have to sell a kidney and join you
I hope you all have a wonderful day and remember that you're every bit as significant as the next person
On an R.E.M hype
shiny happy people laughing
Teenage angst has paid off well, now I'm bored and old
I've been on three courses of fluoxetine and a course of mirtazapine
I've seen four counselors, three psychiatrists and six doctors; I really don't know how to deal with this any more
@Tomas_Charlie thank you
fuck it
I've been this way since I was like fourteen and I don't know how I'm supposed to cope
WILL I EVER BE FUCKING NORMAL AND BETTER I'M SO SICK OF THIS
I think one of the worst things about depression is when for no reason at all a dark cloud descends upon you and you feel empty to the core
Mocking vegans is funny because it helps you forget that you're justifying the death of animals
don't look at line ups of festivals you can't attend
don't look at line ups of festivals you can't attend
don't look at line ups of festiva
I feel like if I watched more than an hour of TV a week I'd end up screaming until my lungs were sore
I don't understand how people can watch TV more than once a week
The memeing of life
I just introduced my mum to emojis and she looked at me like I'd given her the meaning of life
I would like to go to a major festival but I feel their ticket prices represent a capitalist system I do not wish to endorse
If people with mental illnesses should be made to wear wristbands then can we make all conservative party members wear gags?
thanks
ur hot
I'm listening to some 2007 You Me At Six and watching my indie slip away
crystal castles
Guys, check your balls regularly
My kind of compliment 
My college has a full film set, it's so rad 
I'm pretending that it's summer 
#VoteGreen2015 !! 
it's 12:49 and i'm taking film noir low qual selfies and listening to Glitterbug 
Emoticons sounds like an Architecture in Helsinki track
Glitterbug aka I'm in love
 

Follow us if you like it! @XxiiiMusic
@ccccclarkee Of course I do! that was a good night x
I'M GONNA GET MARRIED
MARRIED IN A CHURCH
"Why do I suffer such bad luck" a thirteen day long symphony composed under a ladder by me
If all of The Killers' songs sounded like Everything Will Be Alright they'd probably be my favourite band
Bands who tweet that they'd call someone out for unsolicited groping or sexism at their gigs aren't noble, they're just human beings
A gift from god 
My media notes always turn into rants about Western life 
Ahh, the sweet sound of a predator drone flying overhead
Over and over and over and over and over 
Like a monkey with a miniature cymbal 
The joy of repetition really is in you
girl you and I will die unbelievers bound to the tracks of the train
four kicks
who's strutting now?
Life is too short to make anecdotes about how short lif- fuck
@B00B_DYLAN @FfionRadford sick tee bro
@wa11fl0wer I was half way through it when you sent me the link! awesome
@wa11fl0wer I'm a DJ and thought it'd be fun to have in a setlist
@kittynoise what about saying "tap beer" instead of getting bottles then?
@kittynoise why not say "unbottled water" or "free water"?
@wa11fl0wer I'VE LISTENED TO THREE DIFFERENT ONES FOR THE PAST 20 MINUTES CAN YOU PLEASE SPECIFY
I'm confused and bewildered by the way people specify "tap" water in pubs
Coachella looks like what John Green imagines a festival to be like
@howniceisuracc why ?
Political parties are like iPhones
they promise a lot, look different to the last one, lack structural integrity and spy on your every move
A side effect of cravings is pregnancy
@tomverse exactly! but it makes no sense, they believe Halal is "cruel" but don't recognise that a bolt gun is only a lesser of two evils
Am I really writing several tweets about my love for Dijon mustard? I'm so lame
@yeatssss Dijon is a luxury that can only be indulged in every so often anyway
@yeatssss I would recommend Dijon but that's a reward in itself
@tomverse then they're still just scapegoating the meat industry for the sake of racist ideals
because I want to pretend I have nothing to worry about
is there a way to block tweets with words like "revision" and "haven't done any" from your timeline
the real @Kurt_loves_me_2 died in 2012 but he was so popular that when The Sun hacked his phone they decided to keep tweeting for 3 years
@tomverse because to complain about the inhumane slaughter of animals in one way but endorse it in another makes no sense
I've been napping and listening to Prince for three hours
not getting GCSEs, A levels or a degree will never stop you appreciating a sun rise, walking through meadows or hugging those you love
If you accidentally create a dangling participle three times in the mirror an angry grammar fan will appear (me)
If you say "ban halal" three times an angry vegan (me) will appear and call you a hypocrite for the bacon sandwich you ate at noon
"People died for your right to vote"
people died for eugenics
people died for fascism
people died for radical religious views
Person: Je Suis Charlie! Freedom of speech! Freedom of speech!
Same Person: Oh my god, Katie Hopkins needs to shut up
The way she tells me I'm hers, and she's mine

i will @ you 
dont get butthurt
Priest "my son, what brings you here today?" 
Dave I'VE GOT ANOTHER CONFESSION TO MAKE
Priest "oh for Christ's sake"
I wish people didn't have to clarify that their feminism is intersectional, that should be a given
Every time you read an article by the Daily Star a small child weeps
@PaulGoldingBF I'm so glad they don't wrap chips with newspaper any more, wouldn't want your scaremongering shit anywhere near me
I just want a political party that promises to bring toys back to cereal boxes
Base one of the biggest commitments you can make in life on consumerist culture
Last night and this morning were rad as heck
Guess who's back to update Facebook with some dad vibes 
Debt is just a four letter word
@riIey69 i personally use wooden utensils carved from every tree I've ever hugged
This is literally pasta, soup, stir fry and salad
"give him a knife and fork, and a spoon.. I don't know what he wants to eat it with"
My mum just doesn't get veganism 
420% of sixteen year old boys will find this statistic funny
culture does not make people; people make culture
If you find jokes about "getting back to the kitchen" funny, click the little unfollow button
You are not defined by sociological standards
unmarried men are called "bachelors" and are respected for their choice to go it alone
unmarried women are deemed unattractive failures
Guys, you don't hate the feminist - you don't even hate feminism
You hate the fact that your ego has been made so fragile by patriarchy

If you consider yourself a feminist  look at this
If you don't consider yourself a feminist, look at this twice


Great #IAmAnImmigrant poster campaign 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
I love originality 
Let's make a genuine medical problem a fun quiz! 
You know what it is
#Sush #OG 
I drink black coffee with my lunch because I'm hardcore
Sweet sweet 
For the first time today, autocorrect legitimately caught me off guard
I'm sure things would be a he'll of a lot fucking easier if it was
Anorexia is not a piece of clothing that you can try on and take back, receipt in hand, asking for a refund
@LiamTuckker exactly, because entertainment is a distraction
Why are footballers paid so much? 
Why do we make a big deal of A* students? 
Why do we have so many "talent" competitions and award shows?
The whole education system is based on creating competition because competition essentially distracts everyone from the true opposition
"He would lie in the bed and finally, with daylight, he would go to sleep
After all, he said to himself, it is probably only insomnia"
You ever been the guy with a thigh gap? It's bloody embarrassing
Are you aware that Gandhi would be considered a terrorist? 
Are you aware that Columbus should be considered a terrorist?
Yesterday, for the third time, someone said I look like Judd Nelson in The Breakfast Club 
Please don't go. I need you whole. I love you so. I love you so.
LA LA LA LA
Dear Diary, 
watched Her for the thirtieth time last night
Police brutality is now so blatant that it terrifies me to think of the things going on that AREN'T being captured on video
Often, elderly people have a severe lack of etiquette on public transport.. And it annoys me because they don't even pay to travel
When did The Independent start being so sensationalist?
He'll hath no fury like a man autocorrected
Even if there was truth to the whole "immigrants steal jobs" thing I'd go unemployed for the rest of my life if it meant they escape tyranny
Essex Dogs is my favourite Blur song, does that make me a fake fan?
@flvral I'm fresh out of references.. But can you blame me? You don't admit it.. But we've never seen eye to eye
@flvral it's twelve o'clock and I'm feeling shite, I can't go to the gig tonight
@pearlmystic just watch out for angry people who still don't know blur are better than oasis
@flvral get out of my face
@pearlmystic woah woah, careful calum, saying this kind of stuff could get you killed!
@flvral I bloody hope so, I just hope it's your bones that shatter.. Not mine
@flvral how could you say this to me? I'm clearly in pain over this, I hope their tour bus never leaves.. Cos I don't wanna see them on TV
@moonageddream this is where you say "I could get a record player, and a generator; generate the music to make you feel better"
@milkypirate it took me a few moments of reciting my favourite Keats lines to calm me down but eventually, I found the satire most charming
@milkypirate I swear this caused me some physical pain to read
@ccccclarkee Clark Kunt
When I picture an afterlife I can only ever think of the bad: a he'll where autocorrect is constantly unleashing it's fury
@_nancy_bae just relax, don't let them get to you and don't get into any unnecessary issues with them, we don't want them any more than you
Seeing The Wombats is just gonna have to stay a Pipedream Fantasy for now
@moonageddream Hmmm, I can't think of any top DJing tips.. How d'you think I feel though, I can't even fit my vinyl turntables in the SoL
Imagine being the first person to experience the sunset, they probably thought the world was ending
@_nancy_bae I was born into an Irish Catholic family too, my dad's had this shit all his life, I'm quite serious too!
@moonageddream can't you fade it out?
@_nancy_bae damn loyalists
@toxicsugarstone I think they'll probably just be shocked to hear such a thing exists
Create your own existence because the three things we allow to govern our lives are fatally flawed
Law: slavery, segregation, hunting
Science: center of the universe, flat earth
Religion: sexism, violence, rape
When even your keyboard knows how indie you are :/ 
@_kelseylawrence thank you, I'm on fire today
Fuck getting by go quit your job let's get drunk in a parking lot
Farage needs to watch American History X
Maybe Farage used "controlled immigration" to deport it
I've seriously lost my chill this morning
And guess what most CEOs are? White old FUCKIN men
Countries are ideological concepts designed to divide people and create hostility
"Great Britain" is not even a real thing!! No more than if you decided to name different bits of your living room carpet
When I see people advocating racism and complaining about immigration I can barely resist the urge to scream YOURE ON A FUCKING ROCK
Who do we really need to think about deporting?
Migrant workers contribute more to the UK in tax revenue than they take in benefits 
Corporations destroy our planet and often pay no tax
@milkypirate unfortunately so, I often see them all over Facebook and I've even had some run ins at protests
It's got to the point where I don't ever want to use the word "immigrant" because endless propaganda has given it such negative connotations
They also show their support for "making Britain great again" by only ever buying clothes made in foreign sweatshops and going to Magaluf
Everyone I know who supports the idea of deporting migrants has only ever contributed tax through cigarettes, paid for with JSA
@arctics_monkeys I thought it had a nice ring to it
We're so obsessed with these temporary bodies of ours that we never take the opportunity to experience anything spiritual
eg. 
Obama being against inhumane "therapies"
Don't let the fact that some politicians are supporting BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS convince you to vote for them
Do I accept????? 
Someone tweet me a picture or a quote or something that will stop me offing myself
***AMENDMENT***
We went to a park and all my friends took photos of the exact same thing (I didn't ofc cos indie asf) 
We went to a park (first time I've really left the Slice of Life in ages) 
@heisenburgerrr you started it! 
@heisenburgerrr hello friend
@_DEADBEAT_ fuck dogs man
@mermaidcum @riIey69 Unfortunately, they do exist
Are you really going to meet the queen — yeah, weird ik 




Girl you've got something I like
cn i ples mari u i nede a muny — i don't have much money but i have lots of good CDs we can share 
Listening to the censored version of She Hates Me by Puddle of Mudd does NOT have the same effect
Dw guys, I was just pointing out an interesting paradox
@mybloodysarah Wouldn't that make me a sheep?
@annoyingroupie Wouldn't I be following the crowd if I said that?
What's a good phrase for talking about people jumping on a bandwagon that avoids jumping on the bandwagon of using that particular analogy?
Just let this sink in 
#ChristopherAlder 
James Bay does an ace cover of HAIM's Forever
Basically, the reasons I dislike the character limit on Twitter are:
1. You can't possibly express everything in 140 cha
Just listening to old Live Lounge sessions wbu
The smell of Assam tea genuinely cheers me up no matter what
My mind is all over the place don't expect me to not get my literary devices mixed up
This is a great example of poetic justice, which in itself is an example of poetic justice as he was also my English teacher
You may only refer to me as "Connor Malone Esquire" from now on
Ironically he was a massive patriot and lover of the Royal Family
Idk man this just kind of reminds me of that time when I left sixth-form and my teacher told me I was "wasting my life" by dropping out
Prince Charles and Camilla "hope to meet me", rad 
This vid is trying to say equality has been reached - by showing men hitting women
REPORT IT!

@eviejimmyblue anything by The Wombats
*sees ace musicians walk by*
*wavves*
I'm so awkward I could pull off an accidental thumb in person
@jellyfishperms I think the answer you're looking for is nope
Bring your mitt, we can play catch
A simile can't be a simile because if a simile was a simile it would be a metaphor
This picture wants the Internet deleted! Share and retweet to annoy dermatologists with your simple 10 second technique
@flvral This is true!
If white, male CEOs decided they wanted to wear Burkas no one would say a thing
Weekdays are for the Trews
Fav Disney princess — Richard Branson 
Go full on 2011 on me and ask me shit

i nede muny cn u help mi — no 
#IOnceDatedSomeoneWho said I had an obsession with hashtags on Twitter, like are they for real? what were they thin - oh fuck
Picking insects off of plants
No time to think of consequences
Control yourself
Take only what you need from it
Finished your super popular TV series and can't believe how much money you made and want to make more? 
Better Call Saul
A couple of new updates from Papa Malone 
Get out there and do it! 
People believe Kurt Cobain killed himself 21 years ago today
this is simply not true

evidence shows he was murdered
depression - his killer
When you're allergic to bullshit 
sex and super smash bros
@ahoybailey is this a compliment
People say I quote inspirational figures too much, but it's sort of like what Gandhi said...
Long song titles mean I can't write as much, just a heads up
LCD Soundsystem - New York I Love You but You're Bringing Me Down
I love this song, great choice.. LCD in general <BLACK HEART SUIT>
I like your tweets too!
Sexy legs @ me
Sonic Youth - Karen Revisited 
Excellent choice! You like SoA which is pretty cool, I got this!!!!
"You just sent me a snapchat.. It's a picture of me isn't it?" 
John Frusciante - Emptiness 
You're rad &amp; your snapchats make me laugh, also you like John Keats which is always an admirable characteristic
Why do people put little wooden sticks in my food? You could have put it anywhere on my plate and you stuck it right in the way
Lover of Dongs: you're rad&amp; have cool music taste, your inability to spell songs amused me and you have good taste in tweets to retweet (me)
GREEN IS NOT AN IMAGINATIVE COLOUR
<OPEN BOOK>
This was too worth it already 
Someone said "Darude - Sandstorm" 

fuck this
Message me your favourite song for an indirect
<VICTORY HAND>
"I'm a girl and even I think feminism is stupid" 
Why does Quicktime speak in first person? 
here at 
because it leads to worse problems like drug abuse 
and devil worship
Your honour, if the house didn't WANT to be set on fire it would have worn less flammable furnishings
If the car didn't WANT to get stolen it wouldn't have been parked on the street so late at night
Yeah but officer, if the bank didn't WANT to get robbed it wouldn't have had such a provocative looking safe
It sucks how you have to pretty much pick one hairstyle.. like what if you want to be a punk harry koisser whilst maintaining ya cobaining?
Listening to Die Antwoord makes me want to watch Chappie again and watching Chappie makes me want to listen to Die Antwoord again AAAAARGGHH
I'm old enough to bleed
I'm old enough to breed
I'm old enough to crack a brick in your teeth while you sleep
SUPER EVIL              I     AM      YOUR     ENEMY
Yo-landi Visser aka fok julle naaiers
Ninja aka killer prawn
Nigel Farage will never live that HIV comment down, what a fool.. someone with such little compassion should be nowhere near authority
Congrats guys! the majority of you are once again about to culturally appropriate a religious holiday!
Cool Song No.2
I want to feel like I mean something to someone
Coffee and a cigarette tastes like what a blow job feels like - @Jacklish1 
#tweetit
I THINK IT'S JEALOUSY!!
MUM WOKE ME UP BY CALLING MY PHONE AND NOT SAYING ANYTHING UNTIL I HUNG UP
Gotta love my dad's dislike for UKIP 
Fuck @KTHopkins
"Nothing rhymes with purple"
Farage: "Immigration"
We don't want to die in our sleeeeep
I want to establish a photography service for divorces
This still makes me cry
This is important guys
When you hate yourself and you want to die 
I just want to have one good day, one day that justifies my existence
What's the point?
I'm so lonely at this time of night
Spank Thru
The only thing positive about modern living is the prospect of one day realising that I'm actually a character in a George Orwell novel
The TV debate has left me utterly nihilistic, I had to stop watching
Nick Clegg looks like the kind of "fun dad" who'd take his son to aeroplane museums and to squash practice
Farage now hates Scottish people too, he's really not picking wise targets
Oh fuck, she just blanket termed us as "the valleys"
Nigel Farage looks like a clown born into the wrong job
That thing Farage does with his eyebrows makes me feel sick
Look guys, turn off your TVs, they're all useless.. Go outside and get the real debates started
I fear I'll one day get so angry at my TV that my hair turns grey, my blood pressure reaches astronomical levels and I die
Farage is one of the fake Slim Shadys, sit the fuck down pal
Farage seems to perpetually be in that state of drunkenness where you think your opinions matter to people
Look out for casual sexism towards Nat B
just plant a little Stephen King style dome over them all and live for living rather than contributing to this profit propagating machine
All the parties are in one place and no one thinks to occupy Westminster and establish a socialist agenda
This is your annual reminder that the man who is in charge of our country neglected to remember his own child when leaving the pub
@FistPumpRawr I don't feel very inspired
Do I watch the debates? Someone give me an answer instantly, it's what the Internet is for!
Without you I'm nothing
Cute shoulder blades bro x
Candid shots of me at parties are always so mysterious 
I'm supposed to be Irish for goodness sake
I take approximately 24 hours to recover from a hangover, how lame
@moonageddream what did I tell you!
@_nancy_bae On the ground apparently, it's all very silly
I'm like 2 atoms in a molecule except I'm not an atom and I'm not in a molecule I'm in a puddle of my own tears
@_nancy_bae I wanted to see how they grew, I was in an argument with my mum about it; I thought cucumbers grew on "cucumber bushes"
If I don't tweet about Noah and the Whale maybe I'll wake up from this horrible nightmare
Search history makes great fictional Fall Out Boy song titles 
(i have one, i'm not hating)
NOSE! PIERCINGS! SMELL! GROSS!
This tweet has no retweets or favourites
I'm officially going for lunch with the Royal Family
This is a pretty surreal thing for me, I'm aware the timing is bad as no one will believe me on the… 
*doctor takes needle out of donor*
"hey doc, that seemed to take a lot longer, how much did you take?"

"all of it *whispering* April fools"
(peace sign) (peace sign) 
Always keep a water pistol on your bedside table
Under Cover of Darkness will never get old
I want to go back to 2012 and stay there
I complain about never having any plans and then back away when I do have them
@hannahclargox it has less structure than the debates in college
Some real ignorant people on O'Brien
They're all prepared to survive apocalypses and I can't even stay awake to finish an episode
Fell asleep watching DoomRT @marsjpg: Cameron has the power to do so much and his top priority is violent murder on innocent creatures for sport
@redbrowny31 I know man, that's the worst part.. Forced out onto the street to stop a protest they fully agree with
The police must be our allies for us to truly win, and it isn't even that difficult to achieve - the tories have consistently attacked them
@JeCanDance of course, I can't speak for any of them.. But I'd imagine it's someone who has a compassionate view of minority groups
@_Robertoo__ if you consider the fact that it's 35% of a 65% turn out (and 16/17 y/o can't even vote) it seems ridiculous
@_Robertoo__ what are you referring to there mate?
@JeCanDance I feel the real problem here is not that they have them, but the fact that they need them because people are so fed up
@_Robertoo__ it definitely is, I'm very suspicious of it though, perfect distraction from the real cause
@JeCanDance or their training needs to be amended at the very least
@JeCanDance of course not, but it's clearly not right to give them a weapon which can be used in such a way
@_Robertoo__ if activists did the same I'm sure someone would say that
@TheKirbyxox I know mate, please don't send me these any more, the pics are horrific and make me angry
@JeCanDance 
@TheKirbyxox I only get four pics mate, I can't possibly represent the whole thing.. But here's a better one 
@TheKirbyxox they use varying levels, it's still riot gear
@FaultyCivilian I agree, and I feel sorry for some of the officers because I'm sure they don't want to be there
@JeCanDance not where I live, regardless, if they can kill people with them.. And have done, why are they still issued?
@JeCanDance no, you're right, cos tear gas is invisible
However there are reports of its use in these riots, I was trying to convey sarcasm
@xTerahh  what about when protesters protect cops? Like in Baltimore; there are good and bad on either side, so why should one get weapons?
@FaultyCivilian I'm not trying to incite hatred towards cops, I just want to make people question their ability to "protect and serve"
@xTerahh @vhexspillow when has a police officer battering a protester ever helped a member of the public stay safe?
@JeCanDance have you ever seen either? There's tear gas clearly in one pic and batons and face guards in others
@xTerahh @vhexspillow they need to be prepared for self-defence, they don't need those batons.. Which have killed people
@ataliadelrio I'm not badmouthing, just offering food for thought - I would encourage you to experience the police at demos firsthand though
@FaultyCivilian @nesswilliamsx actually it's a protest - a riot suggests there's no reason or cause 
@ataliadelrio of course
however in many situations they are over equipped and it serves as an oppressive image that only encourages violence
That second pic shows cops using an incredibly painful pressure point on an activist who is clearly on the ground and outnumbered by the way
Activists turn up in cardigans &amp; jeans, cops turn up in riot gear &amp; carrying tear gas

Who really wants the fight? 
Houmous is a human right
They'll tell you it's to "record any crimes" but it's bullshit, you're all going into a database, I promise you (I'm already in it, woo!)
I guarantee that WW2 statue was vandalised by either an undercover cop or an undercover reporter

@al0nsy I only wanted to point out that respecting them does not always mean they'll respect you
@al0nsy 
@al0nsy I wish this was the case but I've had a cop push me to the ground for trying to sell copies of a Socialist paper
If you're planning on going to a protest 


The exception to this is if you are being searched, they may use force to keep you in place





If you're gonna go to protests please do yourselves (and the cause) a favour and research your rights.. Here are some important ones
What's wrong with that? I assume you're in a British owned cinema? Watching a British film? Drinking British coke? 
0.5 seconds without air wasn't SO bad 
@SonnnBee go ahead! Send me a link if you like! I'm sure it's worth a read
*DAVID CAMERON TEACHES KIDS HOW TO USE PREDATOR DRONES* 
If "hard luck" is a bad thing but luck is a good thing then "soft luck" must be fucking awesome get me some of that
*tweets about killer cereal to forget about re-elected serial killer*
There's something nuts about almond milk.. wow!
Don't get me wrong, I'm partial to dried grapes.. They just don't taste so good in almond milk
When eating Kellogg's fruit 'n fibre I avoid the raisins, occasionally one will pass my lips and I'll quickly eat a sweet dry banana slice
How did the phrase "the shit" start being used as a positive way to describe something? That must've been a really bizarre scenario
Mum, I've made it.. People are copying my tweets 
@TurbulentStoker unfortunately it seems every country has that mentality
@TurbulentStoker I've had too many of these debates as of late, I'm a CND supporter and activist.. You're not, let's leave it at that
How can they legalise a sport in which all you do is kill innocent animals? It's 2015 we're supposed to be more civilised than this
@TurbulentStoker it's still an unnecessary and very dangerous investment
I hope @rustyrockets realises he has a lot of people to cheer up with today's trews
@marsjpg @paracetamxl that'd be an ironic way to bring about "democracy"
@TurbulentStoker I KNEW somebody would call me out on this! I was speaking figuratively, you know that, haha
It's a shame The Smiths aren't still together, the next five years would give them enough material for hundreds of songs
But how would they do that? They'd need to inject every child with some kind of "vaccinati-OH SHIT
You'll all be fine as long as the government doesn't get poor and decide to unleash a virus to force us to use their private health care
David Cameron will get his karma
"people died for your right to vote" 
and now, people are going to die BECAUSE of your vote
Do you admit it now? 
Do you finally admit that your enemy is not the foreign guy you buy cigarettes from every day?
I want to break everything
"I just wanted to make Great Britain great again"
The far right supporter cries into his mum's bosom as he realises he can't afford to live
I have so much respect for the Scots who voted for change; the people who see through the media bias and political rhetoric
Look guys, the SNP aren't to blame, the media giants and older, more privileged people are
@tinyfox_ hahaha, says it all
This sounds like a spam tweet but seriously.. Your rights are being taken away and you don't even know it
Oh yeah.. Guys.. A lot of you may not have heard, but you'll never believe what's gonna happen to legal aid 

voteD*
Everyone's arguing about the election and it's like that bit at the end of the pokemon movie (with mew and mewtwo) when all the clones are f
Might as well go all out and bring back the plague
@harrhun @SamuelFitt the figures aren't here yet but I don't want to think of how many homeless / disabled / unemployed people will die here
@harrhun @SamuelFitt mate, there are 900,000 people using foodbanks.. I'd take a welfare system like Greece's over this any day
@harrhun @SamuelFitt this "capitalist world" consists of the USA and us, things can change. Capitalism has failed everyone but the bankers
@harrhun @SamuelFitt ah the same old rhetoric of "money we didn't have" except your man Osborne borrowed more in five years
@harrhun @SamuelFitt this is not "top down" where have you been living for half a decade?
Nothing irritates me more than seeing privileged white tory teenagers
@harrhun @SamuelFitt are you for real? 
The only good thing about this is that nature will be forced to fight back and wipe out the horrendous parasites that we are
I literally started crying thinking about the foxes and badgers... How am I going to get through the next five years?
This is precisely the reason they don't want to lower it
because it might actually represent the interests of the UK 
Let's not forget that we're now going to spend £80-120billion on putting nuclear submarines back in the water
But hey! It doesn't matter because you still have your fucking soaps and talent competitions, so kick back in your Palace of Indifference
@tinyfox_ I'm serious ffi! You have to JUST DO some things and tweet others
@tinyfox_ ffi, be careful saying stuff like this
The painful truth
Please use what's left of your right to protest to fight this, because I guarantee you they'll find a way to take that away from us
I'm honestly fucking heartbroken
More zero hour contracts
More food banks
More power to corporations
More banker bonuses
More benefit cuts
More tuition fee rises
Less foxes
This whole farce of an election just goes to show how much of an influence the Daily right-wing rags have on people
@kittynoise you GO!
@ me next time  
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili I don't see any need to be condescending, I'm not criticising you or having a go
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili a coalition would still need approval, I can't see it happening (in the hypothetical situation of a PR system)
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili we can only hope for the best, whatever that is
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili but labour would still have somewhere near 30% 
They wouldn't pass a ConKip coalition with such a high Lab %
@tinyfox_ I think it did ffi, I think it did
@itsjust_lili @BenMcKinlayMP in a PR system  10% would be nothing compared to the devastating effects of a landslide tory win
I wish I could blissfully go through life watching the soaps and eating takeaways and doing my ironing but NO I had to give a shit didn't I?
@BenMcKinlayMP @itsjust_lili that would be nowhere near as bad as a Tory win
MILLIONS DIAGNOSED DEPRESSED AT TORY WIN

NONE CAN AFFORD TREATMENT
The Conservative party remind me of the Ministry of Magic
Have you ever had to use a foodbank? 
I have, and it's ridiculous because six years ago I didn't even know what they were
I just want my 500 star tweet thing
Headlines next week:
ENTIRE INDIE TWITTER MOVES TO BRIGHTON IN SEARCH OF GREEN LEADERSHIP
I blame Bruno Mars, that bloody Upmarket Frack U Up distracted everyone
It's nice that you guys are all up tonight because normally I'm awake until like 3 every night and you're all sleeping like logs x
@wa11fl0wer 
WE NEED PROPORTIONAL REPRESENTATION
I feel like the female protagonist in the lyrics to Common People is a good representation of every tory voter
Remember to get a good night's sleep tonight guys, cos fracking right under your home is going to keep you awake for the next five years
The real winner here is Rupert Murdoch
I think I'm the only one on Twitter who's watching the ITV coverage
Why is everyone on TV so excited and laughing and such? Oh yeah, they're all rich and don't represent any of the actual residents of the UK
I started the day so optimistic and happy, now I feel like George Orwell after he finished 1984
Ah sustainable rock and roll 
Don't worry kids, we'll be fine it's just sustainable rock and roll
That's an insult to true democracy
I wish people wouldn't call this system we live in a "democracy"
Farage just pulled a Robert Downey Jr
Just booked my ticket to North Korea
I can't wait for the real revolution, this election is gonna force it upon is
How to get young people involved in politics:
Listen to their opinions and try and meet their needs

It's not hard is it?
If the Conservatives win I'm just gonna skip college tomorrow because I'll never be able to afford uni or healthcare or fuckin anything
If the tories get in (and it looks like they probably will) the whole UK better be on the streets in opposition
@ Scotland please separate from the UK and then let me move in
This sounds like a threat, oh dear, no I mean that austerity and poverty and privatisation of the NHS are going to cost lives
People are going to die because of this
@RBB1959 I'm not up for any more debating, it became a mess of personal attacks
@Maxaretunit or nothing, just a suggestion based on the fact that everyone else has
@Maxaretunit leave it pal
@northernvice and what are you hoping to achieve?
@northernvice I didn't bring the place where I reside into it
@neilosborne5_  who said I don't wash? I'd argue living in a caravan is more character building than a run of the mill house
@V4VixVendetta @LordyDJ85 @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @Maxaretunit that's the thing, she does, even when you throw it back in her face
@neilosborne5_ @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee life experience is not defined by years
@neilosborne5_ @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee I really pity you, you're clearly a very sad person.. I don't think you can even see it
@neilosborne5_ @ccccclarkee @Maxaretunit @RealBlackIrish @mickyluv7 don't be so fucking rude
@Little_G2 at no point have I said anything about spending money that isn't there
@realmonkey2 @mickyluv7 @Little_G2 please do!
@Little_G2 I don't want to discuss my job openly on Twitter, you're welcome to DM me if you're genuinely interested
@Maxaretunit @ccccclarkee @V4VixVendetta @RealBlackIrish @mickyluv7 Steve, leave.
@milkypirate thanks man!
@realmonkey2 @mickyluv7 @Little_G2 you know where the block button is pal
@Little_G2 I work with young offenders, ex and current drug and alcohol addicts and the occasional rapist
@Little_G2 there's no reason it can't become more of a utopia
@Little_G2 it was a question
@Little_G2 and you're happy to keep it that way? Thanks for summarising my whole argument
@neilosborne5_ only doing as you do pal
@Little_G2  this is hardly comparable to nuclear war, he's consistently making attacks on me as a person despite my leaving the debate
@Little_G2 @mickyluv7 @ccccclarkee @B00B_DYLAN I prefer fighting fire with fire.. Especially when he's adding no real points
@mickyluv7 @ccccclarkee @Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN mate.. You're like twice our age, shouldn't you be in bed by now?
@neilosborne5_ that's very vague, but you do look ever so eloquent based on your profile
@Inst_4_Studies @mickyluv7 had one back in '09 

Totally overrated, GM crap
@neilosborne5_ please point out where I said anything that suggested I'm not intelligent
I'm exhausted, I'm no longer debating with anyone.. It just results in getting written off due to my age, diet and lifestyle
@mickyluv7 @V4VixVendetta I'm not surprised no one's jumping to argue with such intolerant, ignorant bastards
@Little_G2 no, I propose we live comfortably with our deterrents until one accidentally goes off and the whole planet is destroyed
@Little_G2 sure okay, off you trot back to your real world then.. Leave us Unicorns to take LSD and paint ourselves
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I've never said I wanted free University tuition
@Little_G2  the "real world" where everyone stands in petrol and waves their matches around.. Sure, I'm the one with no grip on reality
@prankyDuck @Little_G2 nuclear weapons have hardly stopped the multitude of terrorist attacks in the past 20 years
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN who are you to decide which degrees benefit all?
@Little_G2 there is no evidence supporting this ridiculous "nuclear deterrent" notion if that's what you're implying
@SidneyAloysius  @B00B_DYLAN isn't it? What is it then? Please analyse the deeper secrets of life and put them into 140 characters
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN you're encouraging class divide there.. Also, it's not about having it paid for, it's about the extortionate cost
@SidneyAloysius and that too is minimal to Mr Osborne's borrowing
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN £6,000 is hardly "free"
@Little_G2 if we continue to use nuclear weapons there will be nothing to take care of, not a plant, or a deficit, or an animal.. Sweet fa
@SidneyAloysius tackle those keeping money in o/s accounts of their own first? Y'know, In this country? See what the deficit looks like then
@mickyluv7 @Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN another assumption based only on the ideologies bestowed upon you by society and mainstream media outlets
@Little_G2 I think it'd be silly to think otherwise
Come on guys, they're ASKING for it 
@findingfinlay just read all of this, it's ridiculous
@Little_G2 if you can justify renewing Trident THEN we can talk about where money is being wasted
@WelshTeacup @sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I'm intrigued; what do you spend your time doing besides debating with teenagers online?
Walk away Sidney, you're going to get into a lot of trouble with all that ignorance  
@Little_G2 can you justify the renewal of Trident?
@WelshTeacup @sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN I'd like to think there'll be no tory party in 10/15 years.. Perhaps even electoral reform
@Little_G2 the tories have outlined their plans for ridiculous measures of austerity whilst you only have historical stuff on other parties
I guess it's a good job you'll never be welcome then  
@Little_G2 @B00B_DYLAN what is the deal with you guys and swearing? Seriously.. Get over it!
@Little_G2 again.. Are you assuming I voted labour? Pretty foolish
@Little_G2 serious answer - who are we referring to here? You don't even know who I voted for
@findingfinlay horrific right? They all seem to find something funny about ganging up on a 19 year old and mocking his appearance too haha
@B00B_DYLAN @WelshTeacup @sassycassyL she's given a nationality to a piece of crockery laur, you don't have time for this
Says it all 
More ignorant statements about what men and women should look like  
Just some casual objectification // jokes about genderfluidity 

Feel free to call them out because I'm getting bored 
@SidneyAloysius take care, this wasn't personal.. And I forgive you for calling me a smelly vegan hippie or whatever
@archfarchnad but thanks for sticking up for me.. Sort of
@archfarchnad I've had 4 jobs
the current one has put me forward as guest of honour at a Royal Garden Party on Tuesday
I've achieved nothing
@mickyluv7 is this meant to be one of those "har har har it's funny because I implied he's homosexual" jokes? Just LOOK at that compassion!
@SidneyAloysius i'd argue it shows greater compassion to vote for a party that has more than just an elite few's monetary wellbeing in mind
So they mock my veganism and then ask me to justify what I do that's compassionate? Hmm idk.. Being vegan?
@SidneyAloysius and I'm trying to say that if there is nothing compassionate about voting for them then how am I wrong?
@mickyluv7 I'm obviously not "underdeveloped" but the lack of photos of you make it very questionable that you're in peak physical condition
@mickyluv7 care to expand?
Remember guys, I'M the child 
@sassycassyL @B00B_DYLAN
@SidneyAloysius where is the compassion in voting for fracking, fox hunting, TTIP, welfare cuts and crippling foreign countries?
@_nancy_bae I think they're just mad because bedroom tax won't cover it
these people are proving just how compassionate the tory demographic are Feel free to jump in
they're here in numbers 
@sassycassyL @SidneyAloysius I'm sorry but is this going anywhere? Cos I've got trees to hug
@SidneyAloysius @sassycassyL isn't it obvious?
@sassycassyL  as soon as a tory voter can explain how their vote represents compassion I'll be happy to hear them out
@sassycassyL @SidneyAloysius I can take well articulated points about how I'm wrong, but you've offered none
@sassycassyL I can see no compassion in voting for the tories, also, please stop referring to me as a "child", old wench
@PyroLordOfFire this is coming from the TF2 character? Do you really think you're in a position to judge me?
@SidneyAloysius @sassycassyL no need to be condescending dear
@WelshTeacup  I'd like to question the "wildlife lover" bit of your bio.. Since being free-spirited and loving animals is so ridiculous
This is hilarious, look how mad they get 
@sassycassyL none of you have justified voting them to me so far.. You're all too keen to make personal attacks against me
@sassycassyL @WelshTeacup is my gender relevant? Yeah, it kind of is. Is my hair? Or where I live? Or my bio? No
@sassycassyL you right wingers are so quick to pull the "freedom of speech" card though?
@sassycassyL @WelshTeacup you realise I'm a guy yeah? Hahahaha
@sassycassyL have you no real argument to come back with? Is that your problem?
@sassycassyL less classy than voting for a party that wants to kill foxes and frack under homes and give corporations unstoppable power?
I walked into media 10 minutes late and my tutor said, in front of the whole class, "ah here he is! CND Malone"
I'm such a dork 
@rosa_jenkins DM me their profile and I'll do it
Cool story: the leader of the Green Party Wales ( @pippabartolotti ) gave me this badge at an anti-racism demo
Wear it with pride <VICTORY HAND> #Greens 
Surely a party with a pound sign logo should be enough to show you where the interests of it's MPs lie?
How can we even trust an election after the Scottish referendum fix?
No one even appreciates the cheekbones??
If you vote conservative how do you sleep knowing you support the murder of these poor animals for "sport"? 
Not true, if you don't vote and you make no efforts to improve your situation via other means THEN you have no right 
I get 30 retweets before I even get out of bed
You may have heard of the controversial 'Ban the Burka' but have you heard of the lesser known 'Formalise the Fedora'?
UKIP want to make fedoras mandatory
At 17 you may drive, you may donate blood, you may even apply for a pilot's license but YOU MAY NOT have a say in how your life is run
If you vote conservative you may as well just write "I have no compassion and can't see beyond my own privilege" on the ballot paper
This seems apt 
@hornHater69 we don't have a constitution pal
[  to the tune of House of Fun // Madness  ] 

Welcome to the House    of    Commons 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
@UnfamiliarMia dammit! That's a great point
I wish companies would stop mocking the election to sell their products
At 16 you must pay adult fares, you may smoke, you may have sex, you may even get married
but YOU MAY NOT have a say in how your life is run
@FfionRadford even though a couple of the parties likely to gain power want to lower the age to 16
@scifiglitter they've been a pretty shitty local authority to be honest.. It's a shame
@scifiglitter labour win by a landslide here, every time!
The equivalent of saying UKIP aren't a racist party
Wanna come to my house party? It's not a fancy dress party but everyone who's coming will be in fancy dress
@B00B_DYLAN let me do a little analogy for this.. mhm.. just a moment
Nick Clegg has promised not to increase the battery life of smartphones... Triple the power! Awesome!
@scifiglitter it's less about that though, with marginal differences between lab &amp; con the pressure of smaller parties can make a difference
"young people don't care about politics" 
Yeah because all the old people vote the same old shit in every time
Johnny Marr doesn't like David Cameron so neither should you
Nigel Farage reminds me of King Herod
I'm opening my home up to any migrants if UKIP win, cos I'll be over the border faster than Nigel Farage can say something atrocious
Tomorrow Farage will be chain-smoking in an armchair, crying into his cheap British ale
If you're not gonna vote then at least get involved in direct action
Attend and organise peaceful protests, sign petitions, spread awareness

*a drunken working class man wandering home from the pub*

Ah I'd love a kebab.. 

Where are all the fucki.. 
Oh shit, I voted UKIP
Ed Miliband knows what it's like to be a uni student, his family are currently helping him pick a toaster for his new flat on Downing Street
David Cameron and Nick Clegg are currently dividing their record collection as they pack up 10 Downing Street
Don't think we forgot how much you supported the Greens
Peace and Russell endorse Labour and Ed becomes a meme &amp; suddenly you're all over it
I can't get 
I'm a Conservative // The Eversons
 out of my head and it's so inappropriate
Ian Brady likes UKIP 
Noel Gallagher likes The Conservatives
An autobiography by ffi 
I promise you if you vote conservative or UKIP I will be able to SMELL it on you, I'll glare at you for the rest of your life
Anyone who votes conservative has been living under a rock for the past five years
@lllsmy tell it to the asylum seekers desperately trying to make it over the border because Western intervention has destroyed their home!
*plot twist*
connor votes ukip
Die Antwoord would vote Green
<CLOCKWISE RIGHTWARDS AND LEFTWARDS OPEN > Repeat after me kids <CLOCKWISE RIGHTWARDS AND LEFTWARDS OPEN > 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities 
Policies not Personalities
@TheSunNewspaper 
You literally bring nothing good to the world, your best asset is a cheap holiday for the very families you help keep poor
@TheSunNewspaper 
I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you I hate you
Option 2
Wasted votes do exist and that proves the system has failed, we need parliamentary and electoral reform: take to the streets
Option 1
There's no such thing as a wasted vote, the two main parties are just scared of the power smaller parties are gaining
The only way to end tactical voting is to stop tactical voting!
I'm dreading seeing the headlines of the Daily Mail, The Sun and The Telegraph today.. They were all getting nervous enough yesterday
You wanna talk about cultural appropriation?
*record scratches to a halt*
I sincerely hope you don't have tattoos unless you're Neolithic
Remember guys, you're only successful if you've got a decent salary! Even if you're the most horrible person ever the system will reward it
Hey kids! it's okay! 
Nuclear weapons will kill you one day!
I prefer their older, lesser known stuff..
Oh you like the Green Party? I bet you can't name 5 of their policies 
Oh the environment? 
That's not their best, so overhyped
Remember guys, if you've ever had a "vote green" twibbon you've sold your life away to the Green Party, you're also vegan now.. sorry
I'm a family computer therapist
@yellerzz I'm glad, don't let the education system beat you down; there is far far more to life than grades
(I reassure myself with this more and more as I approach my exams)
Whats hard to believe about this? I mean 'a group of criminals' is vague but they're clearly referring to themselves 
My 12 year old brother is begging me to play fifa with him and I'm really putting it off because I know he's gonna beat me so easily
If UKIP supporters had brains, they'd look like this 
In two days, no matter what happens, we will have one of the most fragile governments in decades; the perfect time to take to the streets
Never thought a tweet about houmous would be so popular
@tinyfox_ sounds delicious
hahahaha 
Hmu if you have so I can direct you to all my comments
Don't stop, don't look back your love's like a heart attack
@SimplyLauraHere Oh god, this was painful to read
Ace ace ace x 
If you hate UKIP (and let's be honest, why wouldn't you?) you should join this page! We can like eachother's posts x 
@Jacklish1 ikr? Those little teacups are had asf to keep on those tiny saucers.. And I'd be nervous if paps were constantly watching me eat
@mattstille I'm so confused
@flvral thank you! I appreciate your patience to my ignorance
@moonageddream you know full well how bad this is for my ego
Could someone be a dear and a patient one at that and explain why PoC is preferred / not preferred... Is it an American thing? Universal?
All this attention on Facebook is making me reclusive and shy
This cringey cry for attention is still a thing??? 
Let start an Ed Miliband
The Slice of Life smells like popcorn; I haven't eaten popcorn in almost a year
@0ldSouls a Facebook friend posted this 
"bloody immigrants coming here and not bothering to learn our language"
- The UKIP supporter complains, frequently mixing up you're and your
"bloody immigrants coming here and not bothering to learn our language" 
- The Welsh lad protests, despite knowing no Welsh
@pleurocarpous apologies! I guess colloquialisms rub off on you don't they?
Don't tell me gay marriage is unnatural because that statement assumes any form of marriage is natural; it is not, of course
@rash_erz @_kelseylawrence are you a self-confessed racist or homophobe?
Looking at the human race like 
Ayyyyy
Because I'm not prioritising it already 
Mum: "if you lose any more weight you need to prioritise your health over this silly veganism thing"
Looked down and I was wearing Star Wars Pj's.. May the 4th be with you 
I feel like death 
@SamLFL someone RTd it and I saw it.. Doesn't make my point any less relevant
When he misses your indirect but replies to a random tweet:/<BROKEN HEART> 
Whenever brandon tweets die antwoord lyrics it makes me happy as fuk
Beats the guy who left his kid in a pub, the guy who denies climate change and the guy who tripled tuition fees  
Did people like this cos they can relate or cos the concept of me consuming so much houmous that it alters my biological makeup is funny?
Bias Bias (vote) Conservative 
Or BBC for short
I can't I can't I can't stay around heeeere
I just found out about Joan Cusack, I cannot believe this
I can't even pass my A Levels, what was I thinking?
Activism is tweeting from the comfort of your white privilege
@tinyfox_ I can show you the way
@tinyfox_ it's the ultimate aesthetic goal and I've achieved it, feel like ezra
When it's late at night and you start getting overly confident in your abilities 
Is it reeeaaally possible to teach yourself to be fluent in another language?
People who say islamophobia and homophobia can't exist because "a phobia is a FEAR" are either missing the point or avoiding the obvious
@AshOrWhatever I have to meditate, fill the cafetiere dear
Joe looks so much like his dad it's unreal  
@AshOrWhatever I'm doing the turkey trot, alone, in the Slice of Life
When you're a solid 33/19 
@AshOrWhatever why are you not making your bro a coffee?
need only look at icons to know what they care for
Lib = pride 
Lab = patriotism 
Con = Elite UK
UKIP = blind patriotism 
Green = THE PLANET
#Greens 
#Labour 
#conservative 
#UKIP 
#LibDems
@kittynoise Oh okay cool, good morning
Anyone who's part of/a supporter of the LGBT+ community should be voting for the #GreenParty
@kittynoise I'm so confused.. Am I "fishing for attention"? " floundering about"?   What are the connotations of this???
I feel like the only person in the world who's awake... My timeline hasn't seen a tweet since my last one
@dirtysheeets just tell her to Google how much worse the war on drugs is than the actual effects of consuming cannabis
The "friend zone" is just a concept created to allow men to once again blame their inadequacies on women in order to avoid a damaged ego
David Cameron is a great guy 
The diamond dogs are poachers and they hide behind trees
Sexuality: Ed Miliband staring right at the camera in any given situation 
I can hear a lamb in pain, I feel compelled to find it and save it
Yeah but don't call a human being "disgusting"  
Seriously, the BBC is evil 
The oldest public service broadcaster should just die already 
Don't let the fact that the Royal Family have working reproductive systems stop you from thinking about #FreddieGray
@pearlmystic I feel like there's something unhealthy about this calum darling
I just had cereal for the first time in 10 months, oh wow I've been missing out
All 'male oppression' stems from patriarchy and it's funny that people can't see that
Just a reminder that the Royal Baby's socks probably cost more than your whole wardrobe
A brief summary of everything wrong with the world 
You know what they call the royal baby in France? A Royale with appointees
When you listen to Royals // Lorde to be ironic 
get get get get get over it
#cnd
I wanna be in a band, I play bass and have an overinflated ego
By the way, when they say the bankers stole and gave themselves big bonuses, they mean the chief bankers, not Sue from your local branch
Fridge magnets are hideous.. They encourage people to put a pastiche of clashing concepts all over their home appliances
Essentially, since having their first child the Dutchess and Prince have gone on holiday and made another one.. How productive
Might as well just call her Kate Kiddleton
I just realised I have no idea what any of the Royal Family members surnames are
I feel like I've reached a new low, bring back the pics where I'm reading or drawing or doing something intellectual
It's 10:45, I've just gotten out of bed and I'm already taking over enthusiastic shots of me drinking soya milk 
They're literally sharing someone's private photos and acting like it's okay? ?? ?? ?  
@Daily_Star you're disgusting  you're disgusting you're disgusting you're disgusting you're disgusting 
I have to go into work today (I've never worked on the weekend before) but it's okay because my boss promised to bring croissants in
I'm an organ donor and I can't help but think that the NHS will be disappointed when they cut me open and realise I'm actually 80% houmous
The graphics in the new update of DayZ are amazing 
Kinda ridiculous how MPs call for only "skilled migrants" when Downing Street hasn't seen a PM do their job well in decades
@callumniall_ @neverlandkatie is that really the best you can do? No wonder you can't get your head around feminism
@callumniall_ @neverlandkatie you're full of shit mate, can't say you worded it wrong when you said you DISAGREE with it twice in one tweet
If you've ever been a victim blamer you need to read this (and then unfollow me) 
When you're the only vegan in the squad and you hit the carvery 
Can you take a selfie of me?
Repping my favourite band tee
@plainwhitets 
Stay with me and make me smile
My little sister has put signs up all over the house calling it a "hotel"
she's labelled herself a "staff member" 
This is mad, hashtags that generate emojis #BB8 #STORMTROOPER
@nokatieno does this include us?? ! We're excited to get you on the channel!
I wanna sleep with common people
I only have 6 months and 2 weeks left of being a teenager, help
You can't measure the length of depth so don't assume you can measure the length, width or depth of time
Yesterday I heard a girl say "my dad gave me twenty quid this morning" 
And then she and her friend shouted in unison "McDonald's!!!!!"
With regards to the Baltimore Riots 

@moonageddream good luck! It's gonna take some real searching, you've already ruled out most of my jackets
"I say there're no depressed words just depressed minds" -- Bob Dylan
You know, instead of encouraging greed and taking more than you need
@moonageddream I feel it would be yet another situation where I could pull off your clothing better than you
What about instead of doing buy one get one free we do buy one one gets donated to a foodbank?
@moonageddream you asked two questions dear I was merely answering the latter
@moonageddream excellent attire for the Brits
A Muse song comes on as you're leaving the room 
@adamj1193 @Jacklish1 omg guys
@Jacklish1
You'll never guess how many pieces of toast I've eaten in the past 20 minutes 
FUCKING NONE, MY TOASTER IS SLOW AS SHIT
Feeling intimidated and insecure, I feel like I'm made of something fragile today
My phone screen is covered in couscous
@treesontoast excuse me
I'm about to go (cruelty free) HAM
"where do you see yourself in five years?" 
I don't conform to the ideologies of the concept of time that's been adopted by our society
Guns don't kill people, cops do
@FfionRadford what does this MEAN
Sounds like a good night 
I'm so drunk 
Je suis drunk
A a a a a a a a oh
I love you all
Took a selfie with Alice's mum, the night's off to a good start
It has begun! 
My first night out blerghh 
The people who wrote these comments should be given no platform to shout their ignorance from 
Credit to @moonageddream for the photography excellence
Hippie flower prince 
I really have some wonderful friends, is there much else?
@ccccclarkee @B00B_DYLAN @FfionRadford NOT AS MUCH AS MEEE!
@tinyfox_ how do you know this
My favourite part is the cat, he sort of resembles Aslan 
I still cant believe Rik Mayall, Robin Williams and Terry Pratchett are dead
r.i.p @Kurt_loves_me_2
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @FfionRadford 
*cough* new @ *cough*
Do you remember Trent from My Parents Are Aliens?
Well @tinyfox_ and I added him on fb
we've been friends ever since 
I can't think of anything
The day has arrived...... it's been over two years........ I'm changing my @
I feel like @uglytxsser 's followers must be sick of my name
@milkypirate exactly
My parents came back from their holiday with this gift for me.. They're fully endorsing the Slice of Life lifestyle 
She skirted around the idea that essentially "kids these days" are weaker and can't cope like they should
My mum said something ridiculously ignorant about self-harm and how "no one did that when I was young"
I watched Age of Ultron yesterday and it was so so good
Freedom of speech is your right, but all-encompassing tolerance is your humanitarian obligation
I legitimately woke up this morning having had a nightmare about the whole thing
Freedom of speech is not 
Being racist, homophobic, transphobic, islamophobic, sexist, misogynistic, objectifying or intolerant in any way
Tonight I'm going out with my friends.. In town.. Scary stuff
People got money and extravagant gifts for passing their GCSEs, I've been formally invited to the Queen's pad and no one batted and eyelid
@RedScareBot Вы не ждут перемен , необходимо создать его
I don't endorse communism by any means, it's built to fail
It doesn't matter if you're an anarchist or a communist who's against voting if you're not participating in alternative, direct action
"girls already have equality" he says, folding page three away and texting the woman he calls his "bird"
Je t'adore @noelfielding11
Hey Scenesters!
All the major banks have millions of pounds worth of shares in Arms companies - that should tell you something about war
ICouldGetARecordPlayerAndAGeneratorGenerateTheMusicThatMakesYouFeelBetter
Do you know what's disgusting? That so many girls are forced to "dress like boys" to feel safer late at night
WE  ARE ADVENTURING WE ARE ADVENTURERS
Angsty teen on a train 
Would you rather be able to fly at walking speed or walk at running speed permanently?
The train conductor has walked past me three times and not asked me for a ticket, am I invisible? #Selfie 
I'm a walking stereotype
Put your feet back on the gr-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ound
I've had the same jeans on for four days now, I'm gonna go to a disco in the middle of town
Oh.. Only God can judge you? 
That's weird cos I think you're a twat
Shake me into the night and I'm an easy lover
Take me into the fight and I'm an easy brother
Just me? Ok
WHO'S COMING??? 
Oh gosh, it's twenty past eight and I've already started the social justice parade
Please don't tell me you're trying to profit off the murders committed by your competitors @wearefordogs @PedigreeUS 
Good morning folks!
Money isn't made to buy things
Things are made to sustain money
This is getting out of hand... 
My friends tried to use that app on my dog 
Is it illegal to refuse burial or cremation in your will? Can you ask to be like.. Propped up against a tree or something?
What's the phobia for when you're afraid of people self-diagnosing phobias? Because I think I have it
@muayfarang555 what exactly have I done wrong? Pointed out some of many genuine atrocities committed by the British?
How can anyone feel good in themselves when they treat other people with a snobby, haughty prejudiced attitude?
The bus driver gave me a reyt dirty look when I showed her my pass.. How do people get away with horrendous customer service?
Hatred of capitalism is preferred
Ideal candidates will have experience in being tolerant, and consider themselves intersectional feminists
Who wants to form a gang of "UKIP propaganda hunters"? 

We'll cruise around tearing their posters down and interrogating their campaigners
Isn't it sad that the only way people can feel united is in being part of a persecuted minority group?
It's sad because ignorance and rejection for the sake of rejection will often have life-changing consequences for members of the community
Of course marriage falls under LGBT+ rights but it's topical and the only way to get people to listen
People who vote against gay marriage/LGBT+ rights: congrats, you've voted against something that has no impact on your life
The media are relishing in this Ed Miliband shit because they know it's distracting young people from the real consequences of the election
#ProudToBeEnglish just encourages blind nationalism 
I had Kylie Jenner lips before it was cool
Look @ me now 
Look @ me now
It's sad that I can be recreated so easily with an app
@jellyfishperms this is near Crosskeys in South East Wales
@jellyfishperms arsonists! With no care or compassion.. Coupled with very dry conditions and lots of bracken and stuff
@tinyfox_ I'm not even sure, @____abbi has it, some weird foreign app or s/t that makes you dance
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee @FfionRadford @tinyfox_ @brendonsbutt
@tinyfox_ I've never seen one this bad!
This is fucked up 
@milkypirate it happens every year! Nightmare
The mountain where I live is on fire and it's bad R.I.P animals, have a wonderful next life <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
THERE IS A GUY THAT SOUNDS EXACTLY LIKE FFION RADFORD INSIDE AND IM SO SCARED WTF HOW
I'd slide into my own DMs if it were possible
The hottest possible state for something to be in (literally aflame) has caused my ears and nose to be cripplingly cold
And it's ironic because it's due to the fact that I had to walk home because of a FIRE
My ears are cold
@B00B_DYLAN is that meant to be a caravan because it looks like a jeep
Thanks
Your hair grew and you got sexy
What happened to me 
Only to be stopped by the police because of a huge forest fire.. Which meant I had to walk for an hour anyway
A lady who works in Morrisons Garage ended up giving me a lift home at quarter to eleven
What a fucking night!
When you encounter a fuckboy/meninist imagine them not naked, but in their sexist, sleazy one-liner boxers
I just stepped on a weighing scales to try and check the time...
@tinyfox_ I would have but didn't see it sorry ffi !
I don't believe in horoscopes.. but I'm a Scorpio so I'm naturally sceptical
Why does the guy on @StagecoachWales WiFi thing look like Putin? 
Rad barbecue update, soz 4 spamming 
Mad barbecue ting with squaddies @jacklish1 and @abbilloydx3 
Hate to Say I Told You So // The Hives
Being a boy is like sucking a lemon
I listen to Bohemian Like You at least three times a week
"what time is it?" 
Time for Royal Blood 
Don't look back into the sun <BLACK SUN WITH RAYS>
My sister and I are having a dad dance off to Snap Out of It // AM
alt-J make me want to weep into a pillow they're so fxcking good
Laura Marling ace ace ace
(my family are on holiday, is that a coincidence? I think not)
I am in such a good mood
I'm a happy idiottttt
Every single conversation with @brendonsbutt 
I want to listen to Lazaretto for the rest of my life
I remember t-shirt weather
THIS IS NOT A PARTY
IT'S A HURRICANE
"you have the most irritating music taste" 
- my sister upon hearing Die Antwoord
One of the worst situations to be in:
on a cold bus with the windows open, you're near the window and all the passengers are counting on you
Kieran is retweeting selfies but I haven't got any notifications, what's that all about?
@FfionRadford @B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee you don't like drugs
All we do is take selfies in film 
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee  happy 4/20 day <VICTORY HAND>
@B00B_DYLAN I was waiting for this
Feel like I've broken my nose
Stupid woman at the bus stop sprang out of nowhere so the driver hit the brakes really hard and I headbutted the fucking window
I must have snoozed my alarm fifteen times this morning
Without you I'm nothing
This basically sums up my reaction to the mainstream media, the news, current politicians, and college 
I'm so sick of not being able to sleep
<VICTORY HAND> Lovely <VICTORY HAND> 
I'm all tweeted out, it's been an intense week
I'm just gonna send people this picture when they ask what bands I like
A system cannot fail those it was never meant to protect (us)
David Cameron looks like he knows useless facts about different breeds of wildflower
Ed Miliband looks like he's constantly on the verge of talking about how he got 100% attendance five years running in Eton
Nigel Farage looks like the kind of guy who's favourite line is "you can't do that, it's against health and safety regulations"
The visual representation of when you're destroying someone in a Facebook argument so they get their friends involved 
If I was a girl and someone gave me flowers I'd be well pissed off, who said I was in the financial state to raise a bouquet?
I specialise in watching everyone else have a great Saturday night via social media
Next in my scope is Lockheed Martin
They will tell you when the bombs need blastin'
Don't think, just listen to the songs, keep dancin'
They call it warfare but your wars aren't fair
If they were there'd be suicide bombers in Arms Fairs
and I said "not it's not, Zayn's still there" and she screamed at me
My little sister was watching a One Direction music video and I said "who's that?" and she said "One Direction"
I smell lovely cos I'm vegannnn 
look dead feel dead 
One time I was going to bed and then decided to go to the shop first, pretty crazy right?  
@al0nsy hahahaha
I literally cannot stand people copying me
Last night a friend of mine who's a rapper was over and we got him to freestyle over Darude // Sandstorm
All I see is beams all I see is steel beams
Imagine being the guy who always plays the guitar around a fire, imagine the pressure
@riIey69 WAIT... HE ISN'T DEAD
Why haven't they got a "trending images" thing?
90° whip-pans and symmetry and great colour palettes
Imagine Wes Anderson started filming porn
@Jacklish1  
@ArrivaTW Hi Nia, this is the Ebbw Vale to Cardiff at 16:00 on Wednesday last week  ☮
I just want to say how glad I am your extortionate fares go towards improving the service

@ArrivaTW  @thetrainline 
@_nancy_bae it was golden
My sister thinks my Saturdays are so exciting she should take photos of them 
"I don't drink water anyway I drink pure fuckin energy"
So did like.. No one listen to their parents when they said "don't talk to strangers online"? Because I'm pretty sure it's all any of us do
Somebody come do something with me today, preferably you'll have all the ideas, money and transportation
@kittynoise I had a feeling it might
I hate consumerism 
Ooh record store day!
My Saturday plans are riveting 
I WANNA SEE ALL YOU MOTHERFUCKERS JUMPING THE FUCK UP 
I WANT PLANS
<BABY CHICK><COW><PIG>=/=<FORK AND KNIFE><FORK AND KNIFE><FORK AND KNIFE>
Please leave your casual racism at home, or in a Green Party recycling plant where it belongs

 @UKIP @UKIPWales 
Going on private before I have chance to regret something 
@can_y0u_help_me
I fell asleep to videos of Tommy Robinson being made to look a dick last night
My neighbour just saw me and said "off out for the night is it?" to which I replied "no, just going up the shop" 
she seemed so disappointed
Wouldn't you rather make one person smile for a moment than make someone insecure for years?
Imagine if people put as much effort into being kind to people as they do in looking for reasons to be unkind to people
I implore you to ask who the real failure is
The one who chases a useless, conceptual product 
Or the man who sees the real currency in life
So when you have no interest in superficial, meaningless concepts of capital then you slip through the cracks and are branded a "failure"
The problem with the Western education system is that it's built entirely on teaching you to chase after money
It must be satire
 It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
It must be satire
Please God I hope it's satire
I can't even begin to describe how angry I am at this 
I have to sit both my English mocks today and they're like an hour and a half each
(  IF YOU FAV THIS HE'LL GET LOADS OF NOTIFICATIONS - IMAGINE HIS WIFE TELLING HIM OFF COS HIS PHONE KEEPS VIBRATING ON THE BEDSIDE TABLE  )
We were hoping for some romance
I just want @Ed_Miliband to notice me
if anyone with significant power in this world can justify causing our own extinction by using nuclear weapons then we deserve to be extinct
people are fragile things, you should know by now, be careful what you put them through
If you teach your daughter to be embarrassed to play with "boyish" toys then you're spreading gender-based oppression
If you teach your son to be embarrassed for liking "feminine" things then you're sowing the seeds of the perpetuation of patriarchy
[  Political Pick-up Line No. 1  ] 

I'm really not into fascist, bigoted ideals of racism
But I'd let UKIP in my bed
Half an hour late for media and still not there
I love the chosen one
When you write memes on public transport 
@nineinchbeatles 
A year ago at this time I was seeing British Sea Power, such a good gig 
@pearlmystic let's bring this back
#WhyImVotingUkip because Nige's alcohol and tobacco consumption aren't a strain on the NHS but foreign people are
@wolfalxce @nokatieno it's like a twitter collab of two of my favs how cool
There's a rad protest on Queen Street in Cardiff today for a £10 minimum wage, it starts at 5 and you should attend if you live nearby!!!
Yo hi-tek 
u fink u can fuck wif summing like dis?
This song is basically my life
Twenty-five years ago they spoke out and they broke out
Of recession and oppression and together they toked
Walkin' On The Sun // Smash Mouth
it's been a bad day please don't take a picture
I just love R.E.M
I can also do a great cover of "train horn" by Trains
If you beliiieeeeve they put a man on the moon
@moonageddream I will, somehow, I have to save my kidney anyway.. in case Nirvana do a comeback tour
I have a harmonica and I've mastered one song, it's an original and I call it "the sound of a harmonica"
@moonageddream lucky you! I'll have to sell a kidney and join you
I hope you all have a wonderful day and remember that you're every bit as significant as the next person
On an R.E.M hype
shiny happy people laughing
Teenage angst has paid off well, now I'm bored and old
I've been on three courses of fluoxetine and a course of mirtazapine
I've seen four counselors, three psychiatrists and six doctors; I really don't know how to deal with this any more
@Tomas_Charlie thank you
fuck it
I've been this way since I was like fourteen and I don't know how I'm supposed to cope
WILL I EVER BE FUCKING NORMAL AND BETTER I'M SO SICK OF THIS
I think one of the worst things about depression is when for no reason at all a dark cloud descends upon you and you feel empty to the core
Mocking vegans is funny because it helps you forget that you're justifying the death of animals
don't look at line ups of festivals you can't attend
don't look at line ups of festivals you can't attend
don't look at line ups of festiva
I feel like if I watched more than an hour of TV a week I'd end up screaming until my lungs were sore
I don't understand how people can watch TV more than once a week
The memeing of life
I just introduced my mum to emojis and she looked at me like I'd given her the meaning of life
I would like to go to a major festival but I feel their ticket prices represent a capitalist system I do not wish to endorse
If people with mental illnesses should be made to wear wristbands then can we make all conservative party members wear gags?
thanks
ur hot
I'm listening to some 2007 You Me At Six and watching my indie slip away
crystal castles
Guys, check your balls regularly
My kind of compliment 
My college has a full film set, it's so rad 
I'm pretending that it's summer 
#VoteGreen2015 !! 
it's 12:49 and i'm taking film noir low qual selfies and listening to Glitterbug 
Emoticons sounds like an Architecture in Helsinki track
Glitterbug aka I'm in love
 

Follow us if you like it! @XxiiiMusic
@ccccclarkee Of course I do! that was a good night x
I'M GONNA GET MARRIED
MARRIED IN A CHURCH
"Why do I suffer such bad luck" a thirteen day long symphony composed under a ladder by me
If all of The Killers' songs sounded like Everything Will Be Alright they'd probably be my favourite band
Bands who tweet that they'd call someone out for unsolicited groping or sexism at their gigs aren't noble, they're just human beings
A gift from god 
My media notes always turn into rants about Western life 
Ahh, the sweet sound of a predator drone flying overhead
Over and over and over and over and over 
Like a monkey with a miniature cymbal 
The joy of repetition really is in you
girl you and I will die unbelievers bound to the tracks of the train
four kicks
who's strutting now?
Life is too short to make anecdotes about how short lif- fuck
@B00B_DYLAN @FfionRadford sick tee bro
@wa11fl0wer I was half way through it when you sent me the link! awesome
@wa11fl0wer I'm a DJ and thought it'd be fun to have in a setlist
@kittynoise what about saying "tap beer" instead of getting bottles then?
@kittynoise why not say "unbottled water" or "free water"?
@wa11fl0wer I'VE LISTENED TO THREE DIFFERENT ONES FOR THE PAST 20 MINUTES CAN YOU PLEASE SPECIFY
I'm confused and bewildered by the way people specify "tap" water in pubs
Coachella looks like what John Green imagines a festival to be like
@howniceisuracc why ?
Political parties are like iPhones
they promise a lot, look different to the last one, lack structural integrity and spy on your every move
A side effect of cravings is pregnancy
@tomverse exactly! but it makes no sense, they believe Halal is "cruel" but don't recognise that a bolt gun is only a lesser of two evils
Am I really writing several tweets about my love for Dijon mustard? I'm so lame
@yeatssss Dijon is a luxury that can only be indulged in every so often anyway
@yeatssss I would recommend Dijon but that's a reward in itself
@tomverse then they're still just scapegoating the meat industry for the sake of racist ideals
because I want to pretend I have nothing to worry about
is there a way to block tweets with words like "revision" and "haven't done any" from your timeline
the real @Kurt_loves_me_2 died in 2012 but he was so popular that when The Sun hacked his phone they decided to keep tweeting for 3 years
@tomverse because to complain about the inhumane slaughter of animals in one way but endorse it in another makes no sense
I've been napping and listening to Prince for three hours
not getting GCSEs, A levels or a degree will never stop you appreciating a sun rise, walking through meadows or hugging those you love
If you accidentally create a dangling participle three times in the mirror an angry grammar fan will appear (me)
If you say "ban halal" three times an angry vegan (me) will appear and call you a hypocrite for the bacon sandwich you ate at noon
"People died for your right to vote"
people died for eugenics
people died for fascism
people died for radical religious views
Person: Je Suis Charlie! Freedom of speech! Freedom of speech!
Same Person: Oh my god, Katie Hopkins needs to shut up
The way she tells me I'm hers, and she's mine

i will @ you 
dont get butthurt
Priest "my son, what brings you here today?" 
Dave I'VE GOT ANOTHER CONFESSION TO MAKE
Priest "oh for Christ's sake"
I wish people didn't have to clarify that their feminism is intersectional, that should be a given
Every time you read an article by the Daily Star a small child weeps
@PaulGoldingBF I'm so glad they don't wrap chips with newspaper any more, wouldn't want your scaremongering shit anywhere near me
I just want a political party that promises to bring toys back to cereal boxes
Base one of the biggest commitments you can make in life on consumerist culture
Last night and this morning were rad as heck
Guess who's back to update Facebook with some dad vibes 
Debt is just a four letter word
@riIey69 i personally use wooden utensils carved from every tree I've ever hugged
This is literally pasta, soup, stir fry and salad
"give him a knife and fork, and a spoon.. I don't know what he wants to eat it with"
My mum just doesn't get veganism 
420% of sixteen year old boys will find this statistic funny
culture does not make people; people make culture
If you find jokes about "getting back to the kitchen" funny, click the little unfollow button
You are not defined by sociological standards
unmarried men are called "bachelors" and are respected for their choice to go it alone
unmarried women are deemed unattractive failures
Guys, you don't hate the feminist - you don't even hate feminism
You hate the fact that your ego has been made so fragile by patriarchy

If you consider yourself a feminist  look at this
If you don't consider yourself a feminist, look at this twice


Great #IAmAnImmigrant poster campaign 
Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha 
I love originality 
Let's make a genuine medical problem a fun quiz! 
You know what it is
#Sush #OG 
I drink black coffee with my lunch because I'm hardcore
Sweet sweet 
For the first time today, autocorrect legitimately caught me off guard
I'm sure things would be a he'll of a lot fucking easier if it was
Anorexia is not a piece of clothing that you can try on and take back, receipt in hand, asking for a refund
@LiamTuckker exactly, because entertainment is a distraction
Why are footballers paid so much? 
Why do we make a big deal of A* students? 
Why do we have so many "talent" competitions and award shows?
The whole education system is based on creating competition because competition essentially distracts everyone from the true opposition
"He would lie in the bed and finally, with daylight, he would go to sleep
After all, he said to himself, it is probably only insomnia"
You ever been the guy with a thigh gap? It's bloody embarrassing
Are you aware that Gandhi would be considered a terrorist? 
Are you aware that Columbus should be considered a terrorist?
Yesterday, for the third time, someone said I look like Judd Nelson in The Breakfast Club 
Please don't go. I need you whole. I love you so. I love you so.
LA LA LA LA
Dear Diary, 
watched Her for the thirtieth time last night
Police brutality is now so blatant that it terrifies me to think of the things going on that AREN'T being captured on video
Often, elderly people have a severe lack of etiquette on public transport.. And it annoys me because they don't even pay to travel
When did The Independent start being so sensationalist?
He'll hath no fury like a man autocorrected
Even if there was truth to the whole "immigrants steal jobs" thing I'd go unemployed for the rest of my life if it meant they escape tyranny
Essex Dogs is my favourite Blur song, does that make me a fake fan?
@flvral I'm fresh out of references.. But can you blame me? You don't admit it.. But we've never seen eye to eye
@flvral it's twelve o'clock and I'm feeling shite, I can't go to the gig tonight
@pearlmystic just watch out for angry people who still don't know blur are better than oasis
@flvral get out of my face
@pearlmystic woah woah, careful calum, saying this kind of stuff could get you killed!
@flvral I bloody hope so, I just hope it's your bones that shatter.. Not mine
@flvral how could you say this to me? I'm clearly in pain over this, I hope their tour bus never leaves.. Cos I don't wanna see them on TV
@moonageddream this is where you say "I could get a record player, and a generator; generate the music to make you feel better"
@milkypirate it took me a few moments of reciting my favourite Keats lines to calm me down but eventually, I found the satire most charming
@milkypirate I swear this caused me some physical pain to read
@ccccclarkee Clark Kunt
When I picture an afterlife I can only ever think of the bad: a he'll where autocorrect is constantly unleashing it's fury
@_nancy_bae just relax, don't let them get to you and don't get into any unnecessary issues with them, we don't want them any more than you
Seeing The Wombats is just gonna have to stay a Pipedream Fantasy for now
@moonageddream Hmmm, I can't think of any top DJing tips.. How d'you think I feel though, I can't even fit my vinyl turntables in the SoL
Imagine being the first person to experience the sunset, they probably thought the world was ending
@_nancy_bae I was born into an Irish Catholic family too, my dad's had this shit all his life, I'm quite serious too!
@moonageddream can't you fade it out?
@_nancy_bae damn loyalists
@toxicsugarstone I think they'll probably just be shocked to hear such a thing exists
Create your own existence because the three things we allow to govern our lives are fatally flawed
Law: slavery, segregation, hunting
Science: center of the universe, flat earth
Religion: sexism, violence, rape
When even your keyboard knows how indie you are :/ 
@_kelseylawrence thank you, I'm on fire today
Fuck getting by go quit your job let's get drunk in a parking lot
Farage needs to watch American History X
Maybe Farage used "controlled immigration" to deport it
I've seriously lost my chill this morning
And guess what most CEOs are? White old FUCKIN men
Countries are ideological concepts designed to divide people and create hostility
"Great Britain" is not even a real thing!! No more than if you decided to name different bits of your living room carpet
When I see people advocating racism and complaining about immigration I can barely resist the urge to scream YOURE ON A FUCKING ROCK
Who do we really need to think about deporting?
Migrant workers contribute more to the UK in tax revenue than they take in benefits 
Corporations destroy our planet and often pay no tax
@milkypirate unfortunately so, I often see them all over Facebook and I've even had some run ins at protests
It's got to the point where I don't ever want to use the word "immigrant" because endless propaganda has given it such negative connotations
They also show their support for "making Britain great again" by only ever buying clothes made in foreign sweatshops and going to Magaluf
Everyone I know who supports the idea of deporting migrants has only ever contributed tax through cigarettes, paid for with JSA
@arctics_monkeys I thought it had a nice ring to it
We're so obsessed with these temporary bodies of ours that we never take the opportunity to experience anything spiritual
eg. 
Obama being against inhumane "therapies"
Don't let the fact that some politicians are supporting BASIC HUMAN RIGHTS convince you to vote for them
Do I accept????? 
Someone tweet me a picture or a quote or something that will stop me offing myself
***AMENDMENT***
We went to a park and all my friends took photos of the exact same thing (I didn't ofc cos indie asf) 
We went to a park (first time I've really left the Slice of Life in ages) 
@heisenburgerrr you started it! 
@heisenburgerrr hello friend
@_DEADBEAT_ fuck dogs man
@mermaidcum @riIey69 Unfortunately, they do exist
Are you really going to meet the queen — yeah, weird ik 




Girl you've got something I like
cn i ples mari u i nede a muny — i don't have much money but i have lots of good CDs we can share 
Listening to the censored version of She Hates Me by Puddle of Mudd does NOT have the same effect
Dw guys, I was just pointing out an interesting paradox
@mybloodysarah Wouldn't that make me a sheep?
@annoyingroupie Wouldn't I be following the crowd if I said that?
What's a good phrase for talking about people jumping on a bandwagon that avoids jumping on the bandwagon of using that particular analogy?
Just let this sink in 
#ChristopherAlder 
James Bay does an ace cover of HAIM's Forever
Basically, the reasons I dislike the character limit on Twitter are:
1. You can't possibly express everything in 140 cha
Just listening to old Live Lounge sessions wbu
The smell of Assam tea genuinely cheers me up no matter what
My mind is all over the place don't expect me to not get my literary devices mixed up
This is a great example of poetic justice, which in itself is an example of poetic justice as he was also my English teacher
You may only refer to me as "Connor Malone Esquire" from now on
Ironically he was a massive patriot and lover of the Royal Family
Idk man this just kind of reminds me of that time when I left sixth-form and my teacher told me I was "wasting my life" by dropping out
Prince Charles and Camilla "hope to meet me", rad 
This vid is trying to say equality has been reached - by showing men hitting women
REPORT IT!

@eviejimmyblue anything by The Wombats
*sees ace musicians walk by*
*wavves*
I'm so awkward I could pull off an accidental thumb in person
@jellyfishperms I think the answer you're looking for is nope
Bring your mitt, we can play catch
A simile can't be a simile because if a simile was a simile it would be a metaphor
This picture wants the Internet deleted! Share and retweet to annoy dermatologists with your simple 10 second technique
@flvral This is true!
If white, male CEOs decided they wanted to wear Burkas no one would say a thing
Weekdays are for the Trews
Fav Disney princess — Richard Branson 
Go full on 2011 on me and ask me shit

i nede muny cn u help mi — no 
#IOnceDatedSomeoneWho said I had an obsession with hashtags on Twitter, like are they for real? what were they thin - oh fuck
Picking insects off of plants
No time to think of consequences
Control yourself
Take only what you need from it
Finished your super popular TV series and can't believe how much money you made and want to make more? 
Better Call Saul
A couple of new updates from Papa Malone 
Get out there and do it! 
People believe Kurt Cobain killed himself 21 years ago today
this is simply not true

evidence shows he was murdered
depression - his killer
When you're allergic to bullshit 
sex and super smash bros
@ahoybailey is this a compliment
People say I quote inspirational figures too much, but it's sort of like what Gandhi said...
Long song titles mean I can't write as much, just a heads up
LCD Soundsystem - New York I Love You but You're Bringing Me Down
I love this song, great choice.. LCD in general <BLACK HEART SUIT>
I like your tweets too!
Sexy legs @ me
Sonic Youth - Karen Revisited 
Excellent choice! You like SoA which is pretty cool, I got this!!!!
"You just sent me a snapchat.. It's a picture of me isn't it?" 
John Frusciante - Emptiness 
You're rad &amp; your snapchats make me laugh, also you like John Keats which is always an admirable characteristic
Why do people put little wooden sticks in my food? You could have put it anywhere on my plate and you stuck it right in the way
Lover of Dongs: you're rad&amp; have cool music taste, your inability to spell songs amused me and you have good taste in tweets to retweet (me)
GREEN IS NOT AN IMAGINATIVE COLOUR
<OPEN BOOK>
This was too worth it already 
Someone said "Darude - Sandstorm" 

fuck this
Message me your favourite song for an indirect
<VICTORY HAND>
"I'm a girl and even I think feminism is stupid" 
Why does Quicktime speak in first person? 
here at 
because it leads to worse problems like drug abuse 
and devil worship
Your honour, if the house didn't WANT to be set on fire it would have worn less flammable furnishings
If the car didn't WANT to get stolen it wouldn't have been parked on the street so late at night
Yeah but officer, if the bank didn't WANT to get robbed it wouldn't have had such a provocative looking safe
It sucks how you have to pretty much pick one hairstyle.. like what if you want to be a punk harry koisser whilst maintaining ya cobaining?
Listening to Die Antwoord makes me want to watch Chappie again and watching Chappie makes me want to listen to Die Antwoord again AAAAARGGHH
I'm old enough to bleed
I'm old enough to breed
I'm old enough to crack a brick in your teeth while you sleep
SUPER EVIL              I     AM      YOUR     ENEMY
Yo-landi Visser aka fok julle naaiers
Ninja aka killer prawn
Nigel Farage will never live that HIV comment down, what a fool.. someone with such little compassion should be nowhere near authority
Congrats guys! the majority of you are once again about to culturally appropriate a religious holiday!
Cool Song No.2
I want to feel like I mean something to someone
Coffee and a cigarette tastes like what a blow job feels like - @Jacklish1 
#tweetit
I THINK IT'S JEALOUSY!!
MUM WOKE ME UP BY CALLING MY PHONE AND NOT SAYING ANYTHING UNTIL I HUNG UP
Gotta love my dad's dislike for UKIP 
Fuck @KTHopkins
"Nothing rhymes with purple"
Farage: "Immigration"
We don't want to die in our sleeeeep
I want to establish a photography service for divorces
This still makes me cry
This is important guys
When you hate yourself and you want to die 
I just want to have one good day, one day that justifies my existence
What's the point?
I'm so lonely at this time of night
Spank Thru
The only thing positive about modern living is the prospect of one day realising that I'm actually a character in a George Orwell novel
The TV debate has left me utterly nihilistic, I had to stop watching
Nick Clegg looks like the kind of "fun dad" who'd take his son to aeroplane museums and to squash practice
Farage now hates Scottish people too, he's really not picking wise targets
Oh fuck, she just blanket termed us as "the valleys"
Nigel Farage looks like a clown born into the wrong job
That thing Farage does with his eyebrows makes me feel sick
Look guys, turn off your TVs, they're all useless.. Go outside and get the real debates started
I fear I'll one day get so angry at my TV that my hair turns grey, my blood pressure reaches astronomical levels and I die
Farage is one of the fake Slim Shadys, sit the fuck down pal
Farage seems to perpetually be in that state of drunkenness where you think your opinions matter to people
Look out for casual sexism towards Nat B
just plant a little Stephen King style dome over them all and live for living rather than contributing to this profit propagating machine
All the parties are in one place and no one thinks to occupy Westminster and establish a socialist agenda
This is your annual reminder that the man who is in charge of our country neglected to remember his own child when leaving the pub
@FistPumpRawr I don't feel very inspired
Do I watch the debates? Someone give me an answer instantly, it's what the Internet is for!
Without you I'm nothing
Cute shoulder blades bro x
Candid shots of me at parties are always so mysterious 
I'm supposed to be Irish for goodness sake
I take approximately 24 hours to recover from a hangover, how lame
@moonageddream what did I tell you!
@_nancy_bae On the ground apparently, it's all very silly
I'm like 2 atoms in a molecule except I'm not an atom and I'm not in a molecule I'm in a puddle of my own tears
@_nancy_bae I wanted to see how they grew, I was in an argument with my mum about it; I thought cucumbers grew on "cucumber bushes"
If I don't tweet about Noah and the Whale maybe I'll wake up from this horrible nightmare
Search history makes great fictional Fall Out Boy song titles 
(i have one, i'm not hating)
NOSE! PIERCINGS! SMELL! GROSS!
This tweet has no retweets or favourites
I'm officially going for lunch with the Royal Family
This is a pretty surreal thing for me, I'm aware the timing is bad as no one will believe me on the… 
*doctor takes needle out of donor*
"hey doc, that seemed to take a lot longer, how much did you take?"

"all of it *whispering* April fools"
(peace sign) (peace sign) 
Always keep a water pistol on your bedside table
Under Cover of Darkness will never get old
I want to go back to 2012 and stay there
I complain about never having any plans and then back away when I do have them
@hannahclargox it has less structure than the debates in college
Some real ignorant people on O'Brien
They're all prepared to survive apocalypses and I can't even stay awake to finish an episode
Fell asleep watching Doomsday Preppers last night
@donnellyrobyn7 aww, thank you <VICTORY HAND>
@treesontoast thank you, how sweet !
Feel like someone who's liked the Britain First page 
I think every selfie I've taken for the past six months has been in this bathroom
Exclusive, never seen before shot of cxnnxr in his natural party habitat 
someone on Omegle just told me I look like a back-up dancer for @cyhsyband 
Stop using "free speech" as an excuse to be misogynistic, oppressive, racist and insulting!
I don't even know how to respond to this atrocious attempt of an argument 
@pippabartolotti I was curious because of the impact the meat industry has on the environment
"TAKIN ALL THE JOBS OFF BRITISH PEEPLE"

Immigrant comes to UK and doesn't get a job:
"FU…
Sunshine of your Love was the first song I learnt on the bass - could I be any cooler?
I want to reassure people that I don't always talk about politics in person
@yeatssss great soundtrack though
not all men say not all m-fuck
@jdraStewart That was my issue with veganism until recently! I'm now in a situation where I can sustain the diet myself mostly
@jdraStewart I wished this for all of my childhood and eventually circumstances changed and I was able to, it will happen if you want it
@pippabartolotti do you eat meat?
Being against animal testing&amp;being a meat eater is sort of like hating guns because they harm people but going out stabbing people every day
It's the new DP isn't it? god dammit, it's that bloody CND tattoo isn't it?
If the best argument you've got against me is that I'm too loving and care too much about all other living things then just don't bother
How could that possibly have any negative connotations?
I don't know if I missed something but aren't hippies compassionate, caring people who are against inequality and destroying the planet?
I'm not saying there's a direct correlation between eating meat and having a lower intelligence.. but this comment.. 
Gotta love meat eaters and their bullshit "facts" that help them sleep at night 
My mum wants me to do more around the house (you know.. The one I don't live in)
Never mind the fact that I'm launching a business, in college full-time, becoming an NVQ assessor and working for a children's charity
Wtf why would anyone vote labour post 2003 lmao
You can't have your cake and mistreat it
@MailOnline I DARE you to find the audacity to reply to me, but you won't because you're cowards
@MailOnline you know you've probably caused so many homicides, suicides &amp; hate crimes - I sincerely hope for your sake that karma isn't real
@MailOnline i hope you all wake up one day and realise that you're horrific people
@MailOnline i hope your stupid company goes under
@MailOnline i hate you
"aren't those people already stigmatised enough?" 

"but we're the @MailOnline + we love stigmatisation, just look at what we did to Islam!"
"So..er I have an idea mister editor sir. Why don't we tell depressed people what they can and can't do?"

@MailOnline -" THAT'S BRILLIANT"
@thomasxwalker I don't understand how you could know that when you only know a lot of us through twitter
Maybe the Daily Mail should stop talking about depression and start talking about the psychopathy that's present in everyone in power
Petition to abolish the word abolish, and petitions
"To be or not too be!" 
Fucking autocorrect, Shakespeare screams
Are you a sad dad or a glum mum?
If KFC decided to kill humans at the rate they kill chickens we'd be extinct in just 14 years
@flvral stroke a rock
Angry? Stroke your pets
Sad? Stroke your pets 
Anxious? Stroke your pets
Irritable? Stroke your pets 
Lonely? Stroke your pets
I TURNED AROUND AND HE WAS RIGHT IN MY FUCK FUCKING FACR
THE FUCKING WINDOW NEXT TO MY BED WAS OPEN AND THE FHXK CAT CLIMBED JN
If you don't enjoy complimenting people I don't know how you make it through life
Is it lame to have a favourite publisher?
No, for real 
I'm on the pursuit of happiness
It's not that I dislike One Direction, its that they're the genetically modified version of a boyband created in the name of capitalism
PLEASE PLEASE PLEEEAAAASE LIKE OUR PAGE ON FACEBOOK!!!!
WE'RE MAKING AN INDIE DOCUMENTARY


Me as a father: "which bedtime story do you want lil buddy?

 lets see...................... we've got 1984 or The Communist Manifesto?"

TUTOR: "Stress is the number 1 killer" 

TUROR: "Here's a mock exam, 2 books to read by this date, some coursework and your exam timetable"
People are retweeting fatshaming onto my timeline
Here's a scene kid defending that "veeoneeye", you know.. Just to brighten up your day 
Me: I want to be a mystery, a sphinx an illusive enigmatic puzzle

Me: *tells everyone everything about me within two days of meeting them*
Just had to use a toilet built for four year olds at work - it was like trying to aim for a pint glass from six floors up
Equality regardless of race, gender or species is all I want
Some bullshit casting in Paper Towns
Oh you know.. Just some books I got for £1 
Dennis the Meninist 
We live in a society that tells girls they can grow up to be princesses and then criticises them when they're confident in their abilities
Road trip! w/my pal @jacklish1 
Has anyone else noticed that mainstream media outlets persist in ensuring they call Russell Brand a comedian because it pisses people off?
Seriously, if only Aidan had been absent the day they learnt about similes.. It would have saved him a lot of hassle
I saw a pregnant lady smoking the other day and it's the only time I've wanted to physically intervene against someone's life choices
Gangster robot number one
@jdraStewart when people say things like "hate it when people disrespect their parents" etc
It annoys me when people make the assumption that all parents are angelic beings who do no wrong
I think I actually love Die Antwoord even more now
Like I haven't been to the cinema in ages and I'm so glad it was a Neil Blomkamp film I broke my abstinence for
Just watched Chappie and it was fantastic
The narcissist dream is to have people around to take candid shots as I do intellectual things like enjoy a coffee or browse a bookshop
Just looked at my timehop and this is some freaky shit 
Wolf Alice have definitely taken some inspiration from The Cranberries
I guess you guys can see where I get it from
Another gem of a Facebook update from my dad 
Someone's legit argument against veganism
Should the cheetah that chases down a gazelle stay up tossing and turning at night, unable to sleep because of the snack he had around noon?
@ccccclarkee you look like me.......
To which I replied, and please.. Do.. Hold the applause, "I feel worse every time I see you"
My step-dad said "Con, you look worse every time I see you"  (they're not fond of my morning scruffiness)
Just had to come up with an ace comeback on the spot
Do people still fav their own tweets? How embarrassing
Someone just described my dress sense as "Hobo Chique"
I tell you we must die

I spent 8 hours filming and 13 hours editing my music video for media - my tutor's had it for nearly 2 weeks and hasn't even watched it
Remember to charge your cameras up and be careful with your eyes <VICTORY HAND>
(tweeting about veganism) 
I WANT TO WATCH THE BIG LEBOWSKI again. every day.
Just compared libraries to war so I can be controversial and indie
People read in loud places all the time
Why does everyone whisper in libraries?
 If we're so sensitive to talking volume how do we cope with perpetual war?
@flvral Oh how wonderful
Just my cat up to his regular SHINanigans 
Living in a caravan is awesome because you can hear the bats at night and sleep under the diagonal windows and look at the stars
This guy on Question Time just asked the best and most simplistic question ever:
"Why can't MPs be more truthful?"
I'd rather be subject to the prior than hear the shit about Western intervention being nothing to do with Islamic terror organisation
Yesterday a Lib Dem voter, whilst sniffing Amyl Nitrite, had a go at me for disagreeing with nuclear arms and today their MPs scare monger
@markmcdsnp fantastic
Let's just point out that Wikipedia has been declared AS reliable as the original printed encyclopedias #bbcqt @bbcquestiontime
That guy on question time sounds like a Charlie Brooker character
This Eclipse is sick, bit early and everything but still.. Didn't think it'd be THIS dark!
@bbcquestiontime YOU KEEP TALKING ABOUT CUTS BUT WON'T MENTION TRIDENT OR THE ARMS RACE IN GENERAL #bbcqt
Okay, question time is stressing me out and I'm only ten minutes in
If you don't know what Marxism is don't find out because your whole world will erode and resemble a George Orwell novel
I think I've just been employed without even applying for a job? 
Yeah 1.8million
@bbcquestiontime you say we have more jobs than ever before.. But how many of those are zero hour contracts? #bbcqt
@treesontoast it's all a big ploy to get people to buy green cardboard, the industry must be in trouble
Just chucking question time on because I haven't had enough confrontation for one night
@treesontoast I was actually referring to eclipses but I too have been known to shoegaze
People have been doing it for thousands of years

"@treesontoast: "what is the best way to watch the solar eclipse?" probably just look up"
His paw is unnervingly close to those scissors
Got some dank kush 
Je suis abbie
Seriously, he doesn't care about anything but food and the heater in the Slice of Life 
Be more chill, be aslan the cat chill 


I'm gonna tweet photographs of my favourite animals and places now to calm everyone down
If you're already together and you think "oh I'll just fuck her and see if I fancy any more"  then you've already made a fucking mistake
Hold on
you had sex with someone to try and figure out whether or not you had feelings for them whilst you were in a relationship with them?
Holy shit imagine how awkward things will be at Green Man
I read this in Harry Goldfarb's voice
Hey ma look at me! I'm in one of those indie twitter wars! Aw you're gonna be so proud of me ma! I told you I'd make it big!
Then from a moral and compassionate standing it's inconsiderate at best, from a feminist stance.. It's objectifying and dehumanising
If you get with someone, have unprotected sex in a week, go get emergency contraception the day after and break up with them on the way back
@thomasxwalker totally justified in that.. They both made a decision when it came to the pace of the relationship, it's a bit inconsiderate
@thomasxwalker I think it's all up to interpretation, if you make the conscious choice to have consensual sex you can't really say you're
@thomasxwalker I don't think that's the focus here
@thomasxwalker nah that's not justification, if you're willing to have unprotected sex whether or not condoms later show up is irrelevant
@yeatssss so rad! How big is it?
@B00B_DYLAN this is really cute and idk why
It's less about what the message is and more about how it's conveyed 

IF YOU SHOUT AT PEOPLE IN CAPITALS THEY DONT WANT TO TAKE IT ON BOARD
When you don't wash your dishes.. Well it's a bit like communist russia
So everyone who tweets about Aidan gets retweeted and I get unfollowed
is it because I make a valid point and don't resort to petty insults?
Something we all need to fight, why wouldn't a man stand up for the recognition of women being people?
I'm actually really glad that female feminists are often critical and suspicious of male feminists because it proves that patriarchy is -
I'm fed up with twitter
@mikaylaesthetic as a white, cis male I acknowledge all my privilege and it spurs me on the fight it
If your "attempt to promote veganism" embarrasses and tars many vegans whilst also alienating people from the Green Party then yeah it's bad
@peacockdreamzz @yeatssss Oh my god, seriously? You can't compare our civilised, highly-intellectual understanding of morals with an animal
Why do I want you to quit funding the meat industry? So when I'm eating a cruelty free meal &amp; on twitter I'm not subject to horrific images
I think Aidan should just give up with the meat industry comparisons, he's too much of an easy target
Sometimes I think I should cut down on carbs and sometimes I think I'm pasta point of no return
If I put my hair like this can I be in a cool club of peace fans who vote green and are going to Green Man 
If anyone points out we're out of toilet roll I'm going to be pissed ((pun goddam intended))
When you have a great taste in films and an equally great taste in t-shirts 
Why is the Tent in a Tube from That's So Raven not a real thing
Fo shizzle, not to be confused with fascism
The cat just followed me up the shop
@henryjhutchins from about 8:30 to 10:30 tomorrow morning! 


Relationship advice? 
Find someone who wouldn't be embarrassed to walk the cat with you
Yesterday a LIBERAL Democrat voter called me a "leftie bastard"
I brought up David Cameron leaving his child in a pub in a class debate and our college tutor laughed but tried to hide it
Robin Thicke has a big Oedipus Complex
I just have this image of him being like "soze wvat you're saying iss my art iss goood and zey are in the wrong?"
When Hitler was rejected from Art College in Vienna what would have happened if a Marxist had told him how corrupt the education system is?
I feel SkyNet need to send someone back to sort Farage out, I don't mean kill him of course.. Just deport him, it'd be wonderfully ironic
@bethsymons_ I must track him down
Yesterday I walked past a woman and her child and all I heard was "no Daniel, you don't want to go to prison" 
"*giggling* I doooo!"
Dear Future Husband? 
How about Dear Meghan Trainor's Past Career Advisor 


@__hnah you need to make a special device 
Oh god, remember those days when people used to post their "munch" or "munchies" for the evening on Facebook?
"I don't like foreigners"

But you do like

German beer
Italian cars
Japanese TVs
Indian takeaway
American smartphones
Swedish dance music
I want to be outside on a mountain, with a fire and cups of coffee during the eclipse
I want a cassette player for the Slice of Life
@_DevenBaker I forgive you and I love you, I hope that makes you curl into the fetal position whispering 'no homo' and sobbing into a fedora
@GALACTICMAMI what about fake food? How can it be food if it's never been eaten? Duhhhhh
@yeatssss this is golden
Fuck off 
I'm becoming Winston Smith
I keep having terrifying dreams about rats
@GALACTICMAMI what the fuck, no way
You don't know pain until you say "ear" but you live in Wales and are alienated by everyone saying "yur"
Imagine if one day, instead of a rapture or second coming to prove God's existence.. Just without any warning twitter verified his account
I think I'm just upset, that "quote" is not profound, it should be common sense.. And not just "your girl" (possession anyone?) but everyone
Crikey! Nothing stops this one ranting! 
The rag and bone guy is droning on again, why don't they employ an eloquently British BBC docu style commentator to operate the megaphone?
People on the other side of the world could make my phone vibrate itself off the table and break by simply favouriting a tweet
I'm sure you're all familiar with the butterfly effect, but what about this crazy new notion: the notification effect -
Asking the real questions since 2013 
@SimplyLauraHere c'est magnifique!
But I forgave him and told him to take it easy and have a good night because to spread positive energy is to receive positive energy
The taxi driver told me he'd do it for £15 and as soon as we were halfway to my drop off he rang it up as £17 the bastard
@witchwhore thank you! x
Like really? What do you think?
Someone asked if I supported the campaign for nuclear disarmament movement, when I was dressed like this.... 
OK sorry sorry sorry I just overthink these things
But then.. Are you insulting them? Or are they getting insulted? Without intention to insult you can't be blamed for insulting
Well, more accurately, you can insult everyone with something
And if connotations are variable person to person then you can theoretically insult anyone with any word
So when only connotations carry meaning then words are inherently meaningless
Interestingly(&amp;controversially) word combinations like "child predator" can be used innocently;
a lion cub is essentially a "child predator"
Yesterday we got into a deep discussion about the difference between rhetoric and connotation, we concluded that there are no bad words
30% of the time you'll find my tweets contain statistics
I hope you guys realise I came up with this gem
I just got added to a list and it's really sweet, aw
I've lost my tea ffs
It worries me that people don't even know that it started as an anti-war anti-nuclear CND event
If you want a real campaign regarding Glastonbury how about we bring back the real meaning of it 
Why don't you GlastonBURY your pretentious attitude and accept the fact that Kanye is headlining and you're not changing that
I wish everything smelled like this tea omg
What a beautiful day for drinking good tea 
OH MY GOSH
that's another tweet that needed an Oxford comma ffs @arzE I now understand why you wrote the song
And why don't I do it? Because my short attention span (similar to a butterfly (see prior tweet)) means I concentrate on Twitter and forget
If I tweet about something I don't seem to end up doing it i.e making a hot beverage
Please don't go please don't go I love you so I love you so
I think I'm slightly scared of everyone
Especially if it's a guy, like they should see what they put their mothers through before they open their ignorant mouths
Don't ever let anyone say shit about stretchmarks
Me: loses drink and let's it go cold

Me: drinks a drink someone else made in seconds and probably wants another
Me: takes an hour to get around to making a hot drink

Me: expects it to take seconds when someone makes me a drink
Fun fact: Shaun of the Dead taught me what "exacerbate" means
This is a genuine issue for me and I have no idea why the postal service would care about my letterbox to hand efficiency
when the postman/lady puts the stuff in the letterbox &amp; you have to wait until they're out of earshot cos you don't want to sound too eager
If she looks after bees, she's a keeper (aw man, what a fantastic pun)
oh yay i won the lottery i am so happy.
What a beautiful day!
@ccccclarkee some people are entirely underwhelming
@ccccclarkee I have a car and have passed my theory but haven't had the money at the moment to sit my practical
why do people make a huge deal when they pass a multiple choice exam in 50 minutes, where you know all the questions 
I would love to have the time to do nothing for a while
Just like everyone else you've discovered horoscopes are the new hip trend so be sure to... 
@nokatieno I saw this just after I tweeted my last tweet... Weird...
She may contain the urge to run away, but hold her down with soggy clothes and breezeblocks
If you've seen the green man line-up it may be worth putting your drug orders in in advance. This one's gonna be triiIiIIIiiippyyyyy
I met a guy who looked just like Bob Dylan yesterday and I wasn't sure whether or not to say something
I have so much work to do that I can't go into college
I implore anyone who hasn't already to listen to Public Service Broadcasting
I often feel like the only Super Furry Animals fan left
There are many people I hope do not come to Wales for the festival, stay in your lanes you pretentious dix
"I want to cry" are not a band by the way.. That was a brief moment where I should've given a fuck about an Oxford comma
Or when they had Beirut! 
HOWEVER they do have Public Service Broadcasting and I want to cry
Green Man line up is good but you'll never beat 2011 when they had Fleet Foxes or 2010 with Billy Bragg

"We" = Tory fat cats, private health firms…
The most important thing to do is forgive him, the poor guy is very misled, he said he's voted lib dem since he was sixteen the poor sod
To which I replied "no more tax evading corporations making bad, watered down coffee? What ever would I do!" and he just sniffed his poppers
My personal favourite bit was when I said about global disarmament and he said "there'd be no more Starbucks Coffees for you" hahahahahahaha
[    to the tune of Green Eyes by Wavves     ] Greeeeen Man, I need to gooo to youuu
The one guy said to him "this man has got more compassion than you'll ever have" and it was nice
ALSO this guy who was sniffing Amyl Nitrite every ten seconds tried to get into a fight with me because I'm CND, they all stood up for me
They were mostly film scholars too so we spoke of David Lynch and Orson Welles and we made funny intellectual references
Yesterday I met a load of new people and ended up in a pub chatting about four dimensional objects and three dimensional shadows until 2am
@moonageddream the entire ecosystem depends on it!
@moonageddream legit going to save him 
@moonageddream Oh I'm sure he'll appreciate being an afterthought  !
Editing websites is such hassle when the college network drops all the time
@moonageddream :/
Occupy 
Every
Street
@wa11fl0wer  i think I'm more concerned about all those poor trolleys!
@wa11fl0wer arguably all physical money is worthless! I'm sure there's some convenient side effect of this though
I've been awake for 26 hours, Jack.. Not so much 
I'm pro-choice.. because my mum made the wrong choice
I read too many books and watch too many films 
WHAT IS HAPPINESS
Laying low in a tropical hideout, if anyone finds out I'll turn their lights out
Misery
Miser
Mise
Mis
Mi
M
Me
Me a
Me al
Me all
Me all t
Me all th
Me all the
Me all the t
Me all the ti
Me all the tim
Me all the time
This is currently my favourite song, I adore it 
Was bowling earlier
I couldnt find the right weight w/the right size holes
suddenly it occurred to me- thats the perfect analogy for my life
When people call you a "mad conspiracy theorist" 
Leave your bad vibes at the door to my caravan
This is such a cool remix 
Actually.. unless they're giving you free alcohol and narcotics upon entry then I don't see the point in going into any room
Seriously, 18+ gigs are stupid.. like I'm 18+ and unless they're giving you free alcohol and narcotics upon entry then I don't see the point
The end goal in furnishing my house is to make it indistinguishable from a tattoo parlor, a squat and a crystal castles gig
That 7 was a complete accident but it's kinda?? ed7gy??
New Twent7y One Pilots track is rad as heck
Books are just under 4,000 years old and you tell me you "don't read"????
@marsjpg I was just pointing it out.. you said no one seems to notice
I just want someone who'll lend me books, borrow mine and finish my alt-J lyric tweets off
do you know where the wild things go?
@marsjpg
Aslan and I enjoying some Grimes 
<FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER><FOUR LEAF CLOVER>
I feel like I'm the kinda person that if someone confided in their friends that they had a crush on me they'd all be like "ewww why??"
Literally every other table is empty
This woman just came along and put her Costa cup on my table while she used the vending machine - I feel violated 
If you've requested to follow my private can you like, make sure I know who you are?? Thx
These things literally keep me up at night
Mhm, you guys missed this
What about
Police brutality
Patriarchy
Fracking
Tax evading bankers
Starting wars for profit
Scapegoating Immigrants 
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides
@B00B_DYLAN I know! It pains me to be so youthful
@B00B_DYLAN 
The only change so far is that now it actually matters if I dribble coffee down my chin
Nervous to face the world with no facial hair to hide behind <VICTORY HAND> 
This is quite sweet actually as he's just finished shedding and I'd just finished shaving
A newly shaved me chills with a Python <SNAKE> 
I shaved my beard off and my mum said "You look like Reid off Criminal Minds" 
GOALS ACHIEVED
I will find your soft spot for Olly Murs and expose it, even if it's just to justify mine
I am Jack's smirking revenge
Money has proven  to bring nothing but debt, greed, crime and class divide.. 
Any logical person would get rid of it
The fans are calling :/ :/ 
When life gives you lemons that are contaminated with gamma radiation, then you've got a real problem
I can think of a million things that are more impractical than lemons
eg half a garlic clove, a single hundred and thousand, a cockroach leg
I wonder how the "when life gives you lemons" thing came about.. Like that's such a random thing to say
When life gives you lemons make sure they're ethically produced and not made in sweatshops are they tested on animals? I hope they're not GM
Okay, a few errors here.. This analogy of impending extinction is based on observations in the early 20th century
@pallasades Baudrillard commented on  Ernst Mary's research - That's obviously my mistake, Mayr was around 100yrs ago 
@pallasades this was something I was researching, I believe it was Jean Baudrillard who made the link.. I can't remember, I'll find it later
Wanna know something terrifying? 
Humans have been around approximately 100,000 years 
The average lifespan of a species is 100,000 years
Seriously, just steal your period products until they're forced to reevaluate their archaic, patriarchal ways
I want everyone to stop paying their taxes, start shoplifting necessary period products and stop buying anything made in a sweatshop
(despite both founders previously being in a homosexual relationship with each other)
(you're all aware that they have already previously spoken out against gay marriage yeah?)
What did Dolce and Gaybanners do this time?
I look weird and skinny and like a drug addict but I'd still date me 
@Jacklish1  
Finding out bad shit you've done
Making perfect tea 
Supplying you and your mates with hangover cure food no questions asked
@Jacklish1 what makes a great mum?
@Jacklish1 same way everyone has the best mum in the world
and yes i kinda look like my favourite band's lead singer but that was a freak accident 
.
We just play catch... with some vibes
Okay.. the keyword is.. "slice of life"
Does anyone wanna do that weird but kinda cool thing where you put a very specific interest on omegle and then we find eachother n chat
Yh I think it's pretty rad 
There are like 50 people I wish I had the confidence to speak to at college
I don't even know what my dad thinks Facebook is for anymore 
It's kinda like I've been playing gay peekaboo
Eminem's gay on our show
When I say things about gay people and people think I'm homophobic it's because I'm gay
"Alright, can I just get some bhajis please?"
"Just bhahis?"
"Yeah it's me..."
"ohhh, yeah see you in …
Aw shit you got a white driver
Idk what's scarier:
That people have taken 14 years to figure out 9/11 was a cover up
Or that we've known this long and no one seems to care
Gandhi didn't fight elitist persecution by the British so you could put quotes by him on your soft pastel grunge blog
Also doesn't the name imply that it's for cleaning vacuums?
If a vacuum cleaner fails to create a vacuum and therefore cannot clean then does it still exist?
@juice_goth shit, sorry.. Bad timing
Hold on, hold on, I'm confused.. If the meat industry is like the holocaust how come you justify wearing suede and leather? @Aidan__Rowan
We're so narcissistic as a species like wtf why would an alien give a shit about The Beatles 
Nothing in nature takes more than it needs
But humankind does every single day
dog: *hits blunt* 
dog spelt backwards is god
whoa man
Will RT selfies for good film recommendations
My mum took this photo of our dog and she looks so stoned, I can't stop laughing 
if you can still tolerate people who've dominated the control of your ancestors' and indeed your lives then you really have some strength
It goes to show that we really need female empowerment when a whole demographic of people can remain so civil towards lifelong persecutors
The heart sends more information to the brain than the brain sends to the heart
And of what often seems to be missing in global political, economic, and religious leadership -- "MIND  AND  BRAIN"  - he writes 200 times
He writes of selfishness 12 times, but 92 times of moral sensitivity.

Of competition 9 times, but 24 times of mutuality and mutual aid.
In The Descent of Man, Darwin writes only twice of “survival of the fittest,” but 95 times of love
So you know in the maze runner? They built that little tower thing with a ladder up to it? Why didn't they just make a ladder to escape?
The answer's no, if we all learnt to be happy in our own company there would be no need for human interaction, which we are innately craving
If people consider you to be fun to hang around with then are you perpetually happy in your own company?
What's wrong with the world? 

What can we do about it?
I came out as vegetarian like five years ago
I Am is such a fantastic documentary
Films that 
A) have Christian Bale / Jared Leto in them
B) are adaptations of Nick Hornby books 
C) have pixies on the soundtrack 
....
@flvral want*
The 68 year old cleaner at my office pointed at a cafetiere and said "could you put that 'gadget' away please dear"  GADGET bless her aw
@flvral I wanted something with either Christian Bale or Jared Leto in it, I've lowered my lofty expectations of suggestions
@flvral Hmmm, potions are a bit hard drugs when I'm after softcore mild to enhanced moderate use of frowned upon lower class substances
@flvral it also needs occasional use of mild narcotics
I want a film with a great cast, elements of drama, action, comedy and bromance, a fantastic soundtrack and a guarantee to blow my mind
@treesontoast this is hilarious
@F_caat this is basically all that will be needed on my autobiography cover, death certificate and gravestone
@FfionRadford pfft
Are you a Mexican or a Mexican't?
@mongolhorde generally cider due to the higher sugar content
"failed R.E didn't wanna be a priest anyway hahaha" 
Oh yeah because it only takes a C in one  GCSE to get into the Vatican
"I'm scared of dogs now"
- aw I understand 
*woman is raped*
"I'm scared of men"
- wtf bitch u a…
Deep down, no matter who they are or what they would or wouldn't do with it.. Every man wants a chainsaw
This is nothing new, PETA did it 12 years ago 
Angsty selfie feat. New tattoo 
Reason number 20 I'm proud of my job 
The best way to ensure a body is never going to be found is to leave it in your room and let your mum tidy it away somewhere
@flvral does anything good ever end well?
Fuck it, I'm taking applications for my pretentious poetry club
Imagine recreating the Dead Poets Society
There's a roof garden at my college and I wanna go up there and have a fire &amp;  vegan bbq with some poetry enthusiasts, but we're not allowed
The more you notice the little details of your appearance, the easier it is to deduce things about other people
I take extra special care in analysing everything people wear

I really just don't feel I have anyone to turn to, regardless of how they say I can
I don't even know why.. I just know I haven't ever felt this shit
I am so fxcking miserable
@juice_goth I've seen them once before and it was amazing
Going to see Muse alone next week hahahaha I'm so lonely
We don't talk about cars or girls, we talk about MANLY shit 
@uhShadeY sorry, I've been trying to do my job 
@uhShadeY without going into ethical or health reasons (bowel cancer) 
Tell me anything about the industry is smart

@uhShadeY @choccyprincess you asked for my ideal scenario, why is it ridiculous?
@uhShadeY @choccyprincess abolish it
she fucking hates meeeeeee
I have way too much fun with my own tweets
"Remember you have to pay these back!" said Nice Nick (Clegg) "yes, they are student loans" said Dandy David (Cameron)
Empty-headed Ed was DELIIIIIIGHTED to see the chaps! Meanwhile, Generous George (Osborne) was giving the children lots of free money!
Bumbling Boris and Noncey Nigel went to visit their friend Empty-headed Ed
Actually.. Boris Johnson, Nigel Farage and Ed Miliband are all like Beano characters
Nigel Farage will always look and act like a Beano character
Why would you choose to not care about politics? These people literally control how you live your life, that's not going away by ignoring it
I have no issue whatsoever with comparing political parties to serial killers
Saying a party is the best because the others are so bad is like condoning a serial killer because he kills significantly less than others
Like they've already fucked up in several places around the world, they've joined neo-liberal coalitions and voted in favour of war and NATO
There are 600 things I would rather do than go to college today and all of them involve interchangeable combinations of the following: sleep
The Green Party are good and the best option we currently have but please don't act like they're not another problematic political party
I'm still laughing at my own joke, how lame
Here's an idea, instead of showing kids charts of a "balanced diet" that relies on meat and dairy - show them Earthlings
Follow my Wordpress plEASE

at 11:11 i always wish for 11:12 to happen and it does every time MAGIC IS REAL
It's midnight and I'm listening to psychedelic film scores
@_nancy_bae Ithink it's the funniest thing I've ever thought of
Pros of dating me:    Your parents will like me
Cons of dating me:    Your parents will like me more than you like me
Cons of dating me: Poetry puns
Prose:
UKIP, THE PARTY WITH SUCH A GREAT TEAM BEHIND THEM THEY HAD TO USE A WEBSITE TO PICK THEIR PARTY COLOURS 
@nokatieno This is so good I love it
Sleeping At Last's cover of I'm Gonna Be is so lovely
@XxiiiMusic 
For the time being will follow …
I love David Lodge, his style of writing almost reads itself to you
OH SHIT I always forget to reply to DMs because the notification goes and I have an attention span that can only be compared to a butterfly
I would like to know when liking a band and dressing like the lead singer became the same thing
I've dressed pretty smartly for college lately so tomorrow I'm going to dress super grunge / just wear a baggy hoodie
@moonageddream @thinlegspolicy_ I fear the infrastructure of society would collapse if a guy realised its lipstick that smudges and not lips
@moonageddream @thinlegspolicy_ @GALACTICMAMI and there was me thinking all those aisles in tesco were pointless!
Aka the logic of any 14 y/o who's heard the word "illuminati" and has a 30 day free trial of premiere pro
"BUSH" is 4 letters long, if you add 4 and 5 you get 9 
"TWAT" is also 4 letters long, if you add 4 and 7 you get 11
NEED I SAY ANY MORE
@life0nmars well I am here and here we say things pROPERLY
The only time it's acceptable to say "Not all men" fuck your perpetuation of standards @ media

"@GALACTICMAMI:  
@life0nmars oh god, you're a prEEmark person
SO PLEASE FOLLOW! @XxiiiMusic
Some of you may have just been followed by @XxiiiMusic 
Just so you know, it's a music project of mine and @Jacklish1 's invention
1 day someone'll say "tax free pads are the best thing since sliced bread" &amp; I may be next to them, I may be 200 miles away but I will laugh
If your body is a temple then what was it before the first people to ever build a temple built a temple to compare their bodies to?
I want to stab myself in the eyes every time I pass a reflective surface
2 in 3 girls you know in real life have a group prom photo as their header on Twitter, guaranteed
If I could put sentences together as well in speech as I can in writing I'd win everyone over
I've been working on a project with a friend, bringing social issues and local talent together, check it out! 


But take a programme about cars off the tv temporarily and half the country kicks off
There are petitions to close tax loopholes, establish a living wage and revoke blatant objectification in newspapers &amp; no one bats an eyelid
Far, far too much
I reply to my own tweets too much
Let's not forget that gang culture, poverty, fascism and nationwide disparity are caused by Western "intervention"
We've grown into a nation of comfortable nihilism
@charlxtte_ it's something I encounter every day, it's so frustrating
Like, by all means take care of eachother but don't exacerbate patriarchy by trying to use it as a means of coming on to a girl
I think that is a real problem, men and boys think they depend on certain aspects of inequality to come across as "caring" and "sweet"
Don't talk about feminism because I like pretending that saying "let me know when you're in safe" is romantic as opposed to necessary
Don't talk about asylum seeking and global tyranny because it's easier for me to see all immigrants as lazy, useless drains on society
Don't talk about government spying because it's easier for me to pretend my iPhone is just for snapchat and instagramming my lattes
Don't talk about the meat industry because it's easier for me to just imagine it comes out of nowhere
People don't like it when others raise awareness of social issues because it creates a crack in their facade of privileged ignorance
@ginadabottleman I'm just glad someone appreciated it
My jokes are very niche 
I'm an ex one by the way, I'm now a full fledged mantazapine
Big up fellow ex or current fluoxeteenagers
Which is a shame because their instrumental ability had me just about to offer to do a free promo for them
@thinlegspolicy_ that says a lot about the state of living here, if you're not bleeding uncontrollably you're "living the life"
So many kids my age are in bands with  instrumental ability but poor lyrics, I just listened to a guy sing the same 2 lines for 3 minutes
Jim Guthrie just favourited my tweet HELP 
Imagine........... 
Die Antwoord feat. Grimes &amp; Alice Glass
I think everyone should be angry about this irrespective of gender and social status
Essentially, women are paying extortionate prices for necessary products so that privately educated, privileged white men can get drunk
Oh and that's £1.4 million of TAX PAYER money, you know.. To add insult to injury
But alcohol is still stacked at the front of supermarkets, advertised on TV and endorsed by the House of Commons who spend £1.4m on it
34% of NHS funding is spent on treating substance misuse - yet in Scotland alone 71% of people seeking treatment for drugs are male
You know the world is a mess when bread isn't taxed because it's deemed NECESSARY and tampons and pads are taxed because they're ACCESORIES
I don't think you trust in my self-righteous suicide :/
Self-doubt is the worst aspect of my life
@littl3victories I don't know if you'd be into it but Jim Guthrie's (@jampants) stuff is awesome!
Ffi just told me about how she uses the "fire gun" (flamethrower) on GTA
So basically what I'm saying is, please don't think me rude when I can't get past this anxiety enough to simply say "you're welcome"
I don't mind holding the door open for anyone, I don't mind being thanked for it.. But for some strange reason I am far too shy to respond
I remember when these were the shit, you were the coolest kid if you had one - those damn LEDs on the side, hot damn 
We should all sell our smartphones and buy these again 
And how long it took, aw man, kids today.. Back in '07 we had to work for our tunes
I miss sending people songs via Bluetooth, it was great
The way you'd put your phones right next to each other to try and speed it up
@plxcebo weeeird stuff !
I want the writing on my gravestone to be in Futura
@plxcebo this is weird but I was literally thinking "I wonder when @/plxcebo will notice this and fav/rt it" AS YOU DID
Lazaretto // Jack White
A friend in need's a friend indeed, a friend with weed is better
Credit to @B00B_DYLAN for the new icon
@mongolhorde How did it take you four months to notice this indirect?
@zeldasbxtch I've seen some indie kids hating on them because they're so well known :/
Why is it considered cool to dislike The Vaccines? They're rad as heck
@B00B_DYLAN @ccccclarkee it's similar
@roberta_robbie_ it is!
The #meninist anthem 
@theribman @David_Cameron ouch! Good one!
I hate perfume adverts, they always chat shit that sounds deep and profound but actually makes no sense and has no relevance to the product
Personal Statement: "Such a wok god"
I have never used spotify
We could plant a house, we could build a tree
Never using twitter on pc again
I just replied to the wrong tweet....
@ccccclarkee love Jack Back
If ur about to criticise someone's decision not to eat meat remember to stop &amp; think 'hang on nothing I can say will make any logical sense'
I've done nothing but write about complex topics for the past six hours, I would like to lie down now and have someone read aloud to me
(THAT'S A BIIIIG PLEASE AND THANK YOU)
I'd love it if you'd give this a read! 

@princefeminist No, it's a diagram of what companies own other companies - but I think most of them do anyway
My mind is blown 

Shit just got deep 
The more I write, the more disillusioned I become to my own existence 
In order for someone to tell me that I exist then they must be certain that they exist, and no one can be certain of any reality
If I decide that I don't exist then no one can really prove me wrong
"Am I real?"
"Is anything real if I haven't directly experienced it with my senses? How can I verify the existence of my senses?"
This whole postmodernism essay could be summed up with a "Smokes weed once" meme
How can I write an essay on a topic that makes me think more about how I may not actually exist?
Why oh why did I choose to write my media essay on postmodernism 
The fact that you were born white and male is purely one of several possible realities - think about that next time you're sexist/racist
If you take care of freedom, truth will take care of itself
Happy International Women's Day! 
Please remember that this is an intersectional thing and not just for more privileged/cis/western women
I took a mirtazapene to help me sleep and I slept for sixteen hours
You should always let other people make their own mistakes! 
Unless that mistake is voting UKIP
I have spent the whole day making it look nice and tidying everything
Don't you wish your bedroom was a caravan like mine 
I'm back in Liverpool and everything seems the same
You can request my private if you're feeling lucky punk @can_y0u_help_me
I'm usually more of a tangerine/clementine kind of guy
I've just eaten a pair of pears because nothing compares
[   after traffic collision  ] 

Officer: So you're saying you don't have an insurance policy? 

Me: well, I find honesty is the best policy
@thinlegspolicy_ happy birthday! x
My FB cover is from MGMT's video for Your Life is a Lie - someone who's not even friends with me just sent me this 
@Jacklish1 mate, I will block you irl &amp; you owe ¦4,500 for that
I can't get no satisfaction, all I want is easy action
@Jacklish1 I'm not sure you have a choice
Seriously.. This isn't even half of it 
Every wall in my home is dedicated to social justice 
I have way too many incense sticks, I need to give some away or something
I am listening to Crystal Castles and tidying up - exciting weekend!! 
Make every month personal development month
WHO R YOR BESTIST FRENDZ EVAAAAAAAAAAA ........ go ..... — @Jacklish1 @cosmopug1996 @ahoyalice @gnsfrhnds @brend... 
Fave film? — Currently it's Mr Nobody! 
Others are Moonrise Kingdom, The Royal Tenenbaums, High Fidelity, Donnie... 
Let's tesselate
It's pretty much a given that you will find pumpkin seeds in my bed
Because people value your opinion. — I fully appreciate that people value my opinion, it would be nice to have a... 
How come I post my ask.fm on here and instantly the questions are on topics like GM crops.. Why can't you just ask me my fav film or s/t
I was a cute kid 
@cosmopug1996 
Roger Waters is a babe
You can't protest against animal testing or the fashion industry if you eat meat.. It just makes no sense
If you don't have one of these, it's you
That one friend who insists on watching some mind numbing "scripted reality" show in your presence 
I'm tweeting in a suuubmaaarine
You white, you Ben Affleck
One time at work it was my dad's birthday and I had nothing to do so I wrote "happy birthday" in 100 different languages on his card
@plxcebo @Things4WhitePpl this is how I imagine Gary Barlow dressed as a child
SOLAR PANELS!
How to make enough clean, renewable energy to power the world 
@doll_pxrts I am jealous!
It's as simple as this
If you vote @Conservatives you are: 
The fucking scooter kids are back, come on guys give me a break.. You didn't stop for ten hours last time
HERE IS ONE REASON NOT TO VOTE CONSERVATIVE - THIS ALONE SHOULD BE A DEAL BREAKER 
The police will never be brought to justice when horrendous people justify unjustifiable actions 
[   Quentin Tarantino gives up smoking   ] 

I am Quitin Nicotino
I don't care what crime someone's committed - no one has the right to murder someone
I'm absolutely disgusted that @MailOnline is promoting organised murder and calling it "justice" 
i thought you were really scary, pretentious and rude at first b... — That's quite alright! We all do it sometimes! 
Global warming is the consequence of several anthropo... — You're right, but at least 51% of air pollution alone... 
But no where in the near future will everyone give up... — Of course I am, but don't be fooled by comic relief a... 
Are you artistic and creative? — I suppose that depends on the opinion of others 
any book recommendations? along the easy-going/indie/... — A Tale of Two Cities - Charles Dickens 
1984 - George... 

Everyone giving up meat is ideal, but not remotely re... — I don't believe the intentions of any government that... 
GM crops can be drought resistant, do you not think t... — Glad you brought that up.. Because global warming is ... 
Not even in third world countries to help resolve ext... — Third world countries - all we need to do is give up ... 
Can I ask why you're not for GM? — I don't want anyone to have any input in what's in my food (least of all the ... 
Most food is GM, for instance, we used a good yeast p... — I'm aware of the fact that's it's near impossible to ... 
I find myself saying "Aw, NO! SHUT UP!" to the TV at least once a day when I'm completely alone
Are you for GM food? — Why on earth would I be an advocate of GM? No way no way 
you don't follow me ;// — Fav something so I know who to follow? 
every time i talk to you on twitter you dismiss me — I wouldn't deliberately dismiss anyone! but equally I would... 
no no its not for aesthetic but i cant actually vote ... — That makes sense, the more people who do vote for the... 
m8 where do you get that vote green banner thing from... — Here you go! 
Don't do it just for aesthetic! 
Make s... 
like js but your taste in everything is pretty great — Aw thanks! It's frustrating not knowing who you are now!! 
hey I don't know you but like you're really cute hello — Thank you, that's sweet! 
Why do people ask if film adaptations are "anything like" their book counterparts? Do they not know the meaning of the word "adaptation" ?
We used to talk all the time online and stuff. I miss you and i h... — Thank you, I miss you too whoever you may be 
I've had three years of this
:/ 
@doll_pxrts for this exact reason my dear! (plus it's what Hitler did and what better role model?)
Heartwarming!! 

"@CassandraRules: YAY TWITTER!!! @Dancingmanfound #FindDancingMan <HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️<HEAVY BLACK HEART>️

We are going to dance!!! 
An advert on TV just ended with "buy it now", how is that even legal?
*gets "at the end of the day" tattooed on neck*
@Jacklish1 @adamj1193 @BenoJones44 Holy shit!
Green Eyes I'd run away with you
Ultimate Friday finish feel good track 
I would love to be more confident
I'm frozen in time 
I feed the pigeons, I sometimes feed the sparrows too
P!A!R!K!L!I!F!E!
Sick reference, bro, your references are out of control, everyone knows that
An urgent appeal for company for the poor indie kid sat on the top floor of x block all alone listening to blur (@ me)
@SignMyVagina YES!
LOOKING FOR 
GIRLS WHO ARE BOYS
WHO LIKE BOYS TO BE GIRLS
WHO DO BOYS LIKE THEY'RE GIRLS
WHO DO GIRLS LIKE THEY'RE BOYS
This has been my Friday morning of retro nostalgia 
Dear college, the fire alarm is ruining my favourite fatboy slim song
I found this out so you don't have to, go back to sleep
It doesn't feel like a Friday when you get up at 5:45
SAVE THE SICK BEES - THEY'RE MORE IMPORTANT THAN YOU THINK!!!!! 
I hate misspelling tweets it's like the most embarrassing thung
<FIRE> I'm on fiiiiiiiiIIIIIIIIiiiiiiIiiiiiiiIiIIIIIIIIIre <FIRE>
How does one eat an orange discreetly and without getting covered in citrussy embarrassment on a train?
@tinyfox_ thinking of you today ffi! Stay strong <BLACK HEART SUIT>
What a hero!
This 8 y/o girl was told she couldn't have Dinosaur shoes - so she called Clarks out for being sexist 
Have you ever had a dream so bad that you want to kill yourself? Because I just woke up from one
From now on I'm blaming all bad choices I make on being in a fugue state
Feel like I'm moving up in the world
hahahahahaha oh elevator puns
This is so therapeutic though
I hate @ me 
Fatboy Slimming World
#FoodieBandNames
Yeah, his nudes are good but what's his rule of thirds like?
Abandon Window // Jon Hopkins
So shout out to those who would love to go to lots of gigs but find it takes weeks of preparation just for one
Some people seem to "have anxiety" and "hate being around lots of people" but still attend thirty gigs a year and go to Reading
@musicandkievs in Hotel? I think so!
AHS: CLOSET 
@tim_cook Hi Tim, I'm trying to sink my phone with iTunes but it's not recognising that it's plugged in? 
Tried to sell a guy an "Instagram" by saying it's like a gram of coke that you just add boiling water to, he wasn't buying any of it
Right now, there are white girls everywhere drinking weak asf tea, that we stole from India, calling people out for "cultural appropriation"
Tfw when you use French words in conversation casually far too much 
#wcw 
Je suis miserables
If British people held a revolution 
Google recommends this film to me every single day and I've already seen it like a billion times 
Urban Exploration is the coolest thing
American Sniper has ruined the cool films that begin with "American" 

i.e 

American Beauty 
American Psycho 
American History X
Need a twitter m8 who will rt my selfies
"The law is the law and we've got to obey it" spoken like a true judge, just because a law exists does not mean it's morally right
@Adam_Teeg @imdizzyondreams @bethsymons_ @DammitCass @jellyassedwards ROCK, PAPER SWORD UMBRELLA
@imdizzyondreams @bethsymons_ @DammitCass @jellyassedwards ST D CAN SUCK A D
@bethsymons_ @imdizzyondreams @DammitCass @jellyassedwards  just know that in the next <RAISED FIST><WAVING HAND SIGN><VICTORY HAND> battle I'll be the one in the comfy foot attire
@bethsymons_ @imdizzyondreams @DammitCass @jellyassedwards @Adam_Teeg the socks are rightly mine!!
Socks always feel better after a long day earning them 

@imdizzyondreams @DammitCass @jellyassedwards @Adam_Teeg 
Inoculate the Innocuous // The Unicorns
My braces just unclipped and hit me in the spine - shortly after I almost fell down the stairs tripping over my cat 
My brother and his girlfriend have an Instagram account for their dog, you should follow it 
Roll me further, bitch

@scifiglitter 
We call this look "an hour late for college but who really cares" 
Pulling an all-nighter to finish a three minute music video
"but we keep endangered animals in existence with zoos and sanctuaries!" 

Yes my dear, how right you are! But why are they endangered?
A human will use up the resources of every animal, especially the ones that have been dead for millions of years
Yet what do we contribute?
Abigail Breslin is a hella cool not problematic person
AND THEY BOTH TEST ON ANIMALS 

"@17percys: hey, @AXE! you and your ads are shit. 
Having ask fm is the worst when you get no questions and it's equally bad when you only get hate
I haven't cried like that since titanic
This basically sums up what I've been preaching for years 

"@thereaIbanksy: 
"who's bill murray" 
"hey I've never hit a kid before - that's like asking who gandhi is"
don't remember taking this but here's my pa! In the strangest way I feel he vaguely resembles Ninja of Die Antwoord 
I don't necessarily agree with helping to find people who are missing, we don't know what kind of shit they may be fleeing
Why is it acceptable for the same people who worry I'll "shove veganism down their throat" to make jokes about the lack of meat in my diet?
Does wit come as a side effect of intelligence or is it a coping mechanism for dealing with less intelligent people?
Which is mostly everyone as I'm 
A) smarter than everyone 
B) smaller than everyone
Hidden talent: always accidentally contradicting people who are bigger than me
When murder, rape and torture are the foundations of our most necessary, primal requirement how can we possibly build an idyllic society?
My name isn't Connor by the way, i will now be known as cxnnxr
Or that, somehow, not looking at your phone when you receive the message will make the potentially catastrophic response a little better
I'm not gonna lie, most of these consist of 
"I'm sorry mum, I accidentally smashed a mug" or something
You ever send a risky (or risqué, depending on your alignment) text and throw your phone down almost as if you're ashamed to touch it?
Are people only now, fourteen years later, recognising that 9/11 was a cover up?
James M McGill is such a good guy
Those people who hate on everything just to perpetuate a facade of edginess are going to wake up one day and realise how miserable they are
I suppose that's what you get for killing innocent animals 
@primarycoIours it all looks in working order, even the lens is completely intact!
@scifiglitter I know!
I found this old camera in the attic, every horror film I've seen urges me not to buy film for it, but I can't resist 
My HTML references are &lt;/strong&gt;
My drunk tweet game is strong
This train is unnervingly quiet, feels like we're sliding along the tracks on pillows
Driunk
Dribk
Druuuuubk
Me "that guy with the cap on, doesn't he look like the guy on the Birds Eye advert" 
Dad "never mind fish fingers, watch what's on the tv"
Somebody DM me 
In the face
With a knife
I fear I will never be happy again
I've never been so miserable!!!!
Kiss me hard before you go
Dad's classy wedding photos came back, it looks like a shot from a Citizen Kane promotional campaign 
- a beautiful gem statement by my brother
I'm gonna get a dictionary and start remembering some words
I couldn't even say no because it was one of them's birthday
Some drunk women just made me sing along with them at the train station
The bass line in Darts of Pleasure is so so good
I think I've found my chill
No words 
He hurts me with his....  EZRAness
I NEVER WANT TO SEE EZRA'S FACE AGAIN
Buddha looks strange sat next to that Big Daddy
Believe it or not, this photo was at my dad's WEDDING 
I live in a caravan and I'm still more cultured than most people :/ 
@beth_mayx hi Beth where's Beth?
Just remember guys! Our country is run by a guy who accidentally left his 8 year old daughter in a pub!
@milkypirate 
OH MY GOD MUM STOP 
I think my mum just mistook lyrics for my actual thoughts 
I haven't ever been to Fuji, it's ironic duhhh
If you think the #JeSuisCharlie movement is good then you need to reevaluate the line between freedom of speech and harassing a minority
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground
Try this trick and spin it, yeah
Your head will… 
@ccccclarkee no, it was just something he said recently
Dad: "Can you take a selfie of me"
I hope that you all have a wonderful day and that you see the pleasure in being nice to people
Fav if you're a fan of Dexter because I have something great for you
Jack said he sees white and gold, he's got to go
I would give anything for someone to make me a big cruelty-free breakfast
PLEASE CHECK IT OUT! A NEW MUSIC VENTURE!

 
@ayatollxh @thereaIbanksy it's really important to verify things, retweeting this shit is very dangerous to minority groups
@thereaIbanksy @ayatollxh @junayed_ can you please call them out on their bullshit? THIS IS FAKE, JUST SCARE-MONGERING
*laughs forever* 
Je suis regarder Sucker Punch
I am painfully lonely
For the purpose of propaganda research, I'm currently subjecting myself to American Sniper
hahaha, some people are so full of shit 
It's like the Seven Nation Army video

 
Look at the stars,
Look how they shine for you,
And everything you do,
Yeah, they were all y-shit what colour are they?
listen up here's a story
About a little guy that lives in a blue(&amp;black) world
all day &amp; all night &amp; everything he sees
Is just blue(&amp;black)
Being dragged into the dentist like 
UNILEVER, who own brands such as Dove, Lynx, Flora, Hellmann's, Lipton, Surf and Magnum outright admit to TESTING ON ANIMALS
Anyone wanna make a tenner? 
I AM IN TEARS 

 
@Natalie_Vedder Scapegoat Stanley
So, what kind of music do you like? 
Oh you know: pop, acoustic, rock, folk, WhiteAndGoldGrass, 
Wait, what did you say?
Folk, I said folk
I don't know why I have no shame in finding my own jokes funny
@liquoralovelost @bethsymons_ NO IT ISN'T
DOMINOS I HAVE ALREADY WARNED PIZZA HUT

"@Dominos_UK: What do you think of our new white and gold uniform guys?  
How can we be sure that Jack White is not actually Jack Black, and Jack Black is not Jack White?
@pizzahutuk just favourited my tweets, fetch the bubbly I've made it!
When your mum caught you putting things in her trolley at the supermarket and made you take them all back 
Maybe we should solve #Dressgate by calling in popular TV show mystery solvers White&amp;Gold's Clues
She woooore bluuuue veeelveeet wait, fuck.. maybe it was white and gold I can't tell
@B00B_DYLAN I mean I've read that book twice over and I don't make the connection
"Mr Wonka! Mr Wonka! I found a golden ticket!" 
"ah fuck off ya bastard that's clearly black and blue"
@B00B_DYLAN  ((but I don't agree))
"MUM, WE'RE BEING ROBBED, CALL THE BOYS IN BLUE" 
"DON'T YOU MEAN THE BOYS IN WHITE AND GOLD?"
@gravedweller_ @pizzahutuk the real question is, has pizza always secretly been green at first?
@gravedweller_ @pizzahutuk I think it's white and magenta
Simple yet elegant
One for all you cultured foreign film enthusiasts
I have a DRESS
PIZZA HUT DO NOT DO THIS

"@pizzahutuk: OMG need your help. Is this a different colour to you? #Dressgate #Pizzagate 
Black and Blue
.
Bringing back the relevant tweets for those who were sleeping
Please no, no more dressgate
@flvral I think it was a great opportunity for a sub-pop culture reference

Is it over? 
Is it safe to come out?
Surely you're not all philistines? 
Someone must be cultured enough to get this joke?!
@kingkruIe_ I was the same, I was reading for a few hours and then this.. You just have to embrace it
[to the tune of Hollywood by Marina and the Diamonds] 

I'm obsessed with the dress that's of a vague colour
I just made a Spike Milligan joke, what more do you want, Internet?
The Wiggle-Woggle said, 
'When I'm Standing on My Head
I Can See The Hem of The Dress 
And it's Very Very Blue'
@n0blues I remember watching it &amp; being so glad that they didn't add that in just for the sake of it
I was dreading it the whole way through
but by the content of their character
I have a dream that my 4 children will live in a nation where they will not be judged by the colour of their dress
I'm sure a police office could clear up what colour it is
The best thing to do is to wear the dress, if it keeps you toasty warm you know it's blue because Blue is the Warmest Colour
*@rustyrockets talks about the dress in tomorrow's trews*
This colour debate is disdressing
@treesontoast was it worth the wait?
I'm not sure whether I should be embarrassed or proud of this
The dress looks neither black and blue nor white and gold 

It looks floral

But maybe I'm looking at it through rose-tinted glasses
@skunkfl0wer wait, no
@skunkfl0wer I do!
Admit it, no one wants a definitive answer because that would kill the fun
@alinadorothea nothing is so simple!
Someone needs to screenshot this because I'm not sure if I've just had a premonition or if I briefly came back from the future
Three years down the line someone will post that dress again and everyone will look back nostalgically at this moment in Internet history
@AlexBalchin happy birthday! (or alexmas because I'm backing that)
All that glitters is not gold 
(it's black n blue)
Sorry to be the real killjoy on just about everything but no one ever seems to think about the important issues
Nah but seriously, the most important thing here is that that dress was probably made in a sweatshop but ofc no one cares about that
Roses are red 
The dress is blue
If you say otherwise, I'll unfollow you
@milkypirate I'm not sure man! I'll keep an eye out
GOAT SIM 2 CONFIRMED

"@radcabeIlo why r people talking about this dress when there were 2 llamas on the loose today" 
*makes literally everything about consumerist culture and capitalism*
@BlvckConscious @SusannahRenee15 can someone just clear up why that guy has a big knife holster strapped across his chest?
This is probably a big marketing stunt designed to get everyone buying ambiguously coloured dresses from Primark just to be current &amp; ironic
It's gotten to the point where I'm not even sure if it's a dress or a t-shirt
I want to get a group of merry chaps together to accompany me on my errands, we can all wear smoking jackets
So was Wiz Khalifa's 2011 hit 'black and yellow' a vague recollection of the future or an early prophecy of Internet based revelations?
@imdizzyondreams I'm on page 57 of True History, I will finish it by tomorrow (hopefully start In Cold Blood in a few hours)
My dog said this dress is black and white so can we all shut up now please?
I hate coming onto twitter in the middle of some great epidemic of idiocy
I will point out, that to make a film that epitomises Marxist ideals by way of narrative is illogical and ironic but somewhat brilliant too
Fight Club is fantastic, but it's also a guide to Marxism which you may interpret as you wish
Where did these robots come from?
"they sit next to each other all the time and I find it a bit romantic but a bit yuck at the same time"
Why do people think killing rapists is cool? How can anyone stand up and talk about consent when they've murdered someone?
How to fail your A Levels like a hipster 
I love the lyrics to Fancy 
@Sappy___ thank you!
If You Were There, Beware
It seems ironic to call them "roadworks" when they're fixing the road because it doesn't work
Maybe today is going to be a good day
A girl just lent out her car window and asked me for my phone number
@marsjpg that's adorable
GCHQ (our (if you're British) national security system) have the MOST sophisticated interception techniques of digital communications
I hope you're all educating yourselves with CitizenFour now that The Brits are over
I'm glad Royal Blood have popularised and spread awareness of the importance of the bass guitar
I tweeted about her lack of stage presence and then she did that just to shut me up
3...... 2....... 1.....
Talk about equality
Madonna just fell for me
For someone considered such an icon she is completely absent of stage presence right now
If Madonna doesn't use this as an opportunity to talk about feminism I'm going to be so disappointed
I actually adore him
Ed Sheeran seems like such a genuine guy
One Direction were literally manufactured by Simon Capitalismcowell
I HOPE JIMMY CARR LAUGHS
I HOPE JIMMY CARR LAUGHS
I HOPE JIMMY CARR LAUGHS
I HOPE JIMMY CARR LAUGHS
I HOPE JIMMY CARR LAUGHS
James Bay was in AHS:Coven yeah?
JAMES BAY !
In true spirit of things I'm arranging my CDs into alphabetical order 
Mark Ronson has a really strange accent
Hello, is it a career revival you're looking for?
If you're a boy band and your beards have gone grey then it's time to put down the mic
One good point is that this is a fantastic light show
You will all refer to me as "The Dude" from now on
Ironically it seems Kanye interrupted his own stage time
Which 9 year old did that papier mâché trophy any way?
*crying forever because Beck, Jack White and Hozier are all so good*
HOZIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
JACK FUCKING WHITE
BECK 
DEAR GOD DONT DO THIS
This is so embarrassing to wa-*audio muted*
Cannot wait for Chappie
I like Royal Blood a lot but it's unfair how they got famous really, when they AM drummer wore their tee they hadn't even released music
"I've been coming to England" 
NO NO NO THE AWARD IS LITERALLY NAMED AFTER THE COUNTRY
Why doesn't David Cameron attend the Brits?
News:
Someone's dead
These people are rich 
You're poor
Yeah I have some qualities that I feel bad about but what can I do?
Why are chilli doritos so cruelty free?
Lol jk I wish I was so edgy
My sister is watching Suburgatory and I was entirely disinterested until I heard Moth's Wings
Congratulations // MGMT
Every moment spent fantasising about something you'd like to do is another moment spent not doing it
Remember that time you learnt about that person who said they wanted to do all those things? 
No, you don't, it's the doers we remember
The Slice of Life is a mess today
x - 2 = 2
find the value of x when x is the amount of times I've used algebra since GCSE
Nigel Farage looks like that one twat everyone knows who describes themselves as "like marmite"
Idk it's probably worth sticking it out anyway, it's only another sixteen months really
I may take the opportunity today to apply for jobs, if I get any interviews I'll go along and if they give me the job I'll leave college

Like yeah, I didn't do badly at high school but not once has anyone actually given me credit for any of my hard work
I have never been asked to prove what grades I got
I've achieved more in 2 years of voluntary work and a year of paid charity work than I have in sixteen years of education
In a capitalist system where money equals power and success then what does debt equal?
People argue the debt isn't much and u have to earn a certain amount before you pay it back but that's the problem, you're in long-term debt
You have to accept that university is not a sophisticated western amenity but a highly profitable corporation
@bethsymons_ yeah! I didn't know what it was when they first told me
We don't even have a house phone any more but the base still rings and it's so frustrating
I won't let grades define my life
 I won't let grades define my life
I won't let grades define my life
I won't let grades define my life
I already work for a children's charity, I was nominated for a Pride of Britain award and I'm literally having tea with the Queen in May
I just want to be happy and I don't care how many sanctions they threaten me with, grades come second to mental health and stability
Why have we gotten to the point where it's not about what you learn along the way but which letter an exam board designates to you?
The temptation to drop out and do something that matters is almost unbearable
It's not even the tutors, it's the admin staff they're rude and condescending and it creates a negative environment that I can't cope with
But no, they insist on making it more difficult by constantly having a go at me and belittling my real world issues
If the college would get off my back about attendance and let me sort my mental health out then I could easily get back into the routine
J'adore The XX
Get a cat and stop depending on other people for your happiness 
I have succeeded in making a name for myself
My film studies teacher brought up Wes Anderson and said "I know you like him" and my media teacher mentioned Tarantino for the same reason
It's too late at night to be editing videos
This was all filmed on my 19th birthday too which is rad
A WIP of my media music video 

(based on drugs, alcohol, post-modernism and hyper reality) 
@toxicsugarstone The only standard that's slipping is the moral standard of festival-goers, clearly
@Jacklish1 this is true!
It's been like fifty years and no one has even told Jim Lemmon that Beatles is not how you spell Beetles
Is it disrespectful to only want to go to your own funeral?
(of listening to Radiohead)
My wrist looks like a skeleton
When people snapchat you and your film tutor 
Someone packed my Sega Megadrive away when I moved out &amp; I'm sad about that
I want to play sonic in my caravan and talk about how indie I am
When you finally get to the toilet after a long car journey 
Graham Norton seems like a lovely guy, I just can't sit through his show
Eastenders just looks fucking stupid when they try to make the advert all dramatic and thriller like
SKA! IS! NOT! DEAD!
So if something can simultaneously exist and not exist then is time really a law? Or a concept?
At least in your perception.. If you could move between planets so fast that the light of the end of the earth never reached you
If you moved from planet to planet during the destruction of the earth, getting further away each time then you could keep it alive forever
I'm kind of hooked on this episode now though????
GOOD FUCKING WHAT AM I I just realised I've been watching Waterloo Road for the past 40 minutes
We clearly lack the sophisticated elegance of a capitalist family
If that's not elitism I don't know what is, I showed it to my mum and she said it was probably only good for smashing a shop window to loot
I played one once and legitimately won a "golf tee remover"
Capitalism is playing those ten pence machines at the arcades
Don't give me a funny look when I say "shan't" and "whom"
If everyone's so focused on "keeping Britain British" then tea should no longer be something you pay for and bring back the fog
Don't you just hate it when counsellors/psychiatrists say "what do you like to do?" 

Like I AM DEPRESSED I DONT LIKE DOING ANYTHING
Basically UKIP is a band
the lead singer keeps saying they're not a folk band
but all the other band members keep playing folk all the time
JUST BECAUSE SOMEONE DIED FOR SOMETHING DOES NOT MEAN IT HAS VALUE
@Jacklish1 @RedScareBot that dude always tweets me hahaha
It irritates me when people where I live (
"yewwwwurrr"
Patricia Arquette's equality speech was going so well.. And then she said "in the United States" 

No no no no equality everywhere
Eddie Redmayne's reaction to winning that Oscar is so wonderfully humble
@B00B_DYLAN that's the sickest compliment ever but it's even cooler that your nan knows who she is
@pearlmystic thank u calum   !
"fuck her right in the pussy" 
And this is why we're not getting anywhere with this revolution
You jump in, grab the reporter's microphone
you have the chance to say something profound &amp; thought-provoking to the nation
what do you say?
"should schools have a role in preventing violence against women?" 
- Channel 4

why is that even a question
*acts like he hasn't realised another mcm has gone by with no mentions*
I would like to evolve into a higher species that can watch a film, read a book, listen to an album and tweet at the same time
The 98th rule of Fight Club is don't make an excessive amount of rul-aw for fucks sake
The second rule of Fight Club is that the first rule doesn't apply when explaining the second rule
Me: seize the day!! 
Me: seize the pillow!!
@life0nmars like being too self-critical??? Be nice to ya self, dick
@Aidan__Rowan Oh,I hope you don't feel like a nobody if it gets taken down.. I did this before you tweeted that 
@Aidan__Rowan what if you are your own hate account i.e @Kurt_loves_me_2
@sloopjayD can you dm me it? Thank you so muchhh
@sloopjayD YES
An Oscar trophy is 11.5 inches tall and weighs the same as a gallon of milk
I think everyone should read obituaries every day to keep themselves level-headed and remind them of the importance of every waking moment
@flvral it's like a postmodern gem, I love it, I love the way it portrays the world, I love the colour palette, the film stock.. Everything
@flvral that sounds cool, have you seen Her? It's an amazing film, Spike Jonez is so rad
@nokatieno I haven't, but that cast! Amazing
It's like Roald Dahl and Wes Anderson teamed up and made a film called Fantastic Mr Fascist 
@flvral sounds awesome and similar to The Machine but I'm TERRIBLY TERRIFIED of robots (but more terrified of bad quality cinema recordings)
@ascendescend I've seen it, absolutely fantastic but thank you!
@pearlmystic I've seen all of those calum, you know my taste too well clearly
FILM RECOMMENDATIONS NEEDED
(some faves) 

Pulp Fiction
District 9
Somers Town
La Haine
Fight Club
Secret Window
American Psycho
The Road
Wait.. I just realised this was really risky
If a rain dance is called a rain dance then is there such thing as a hail hail?
AND if you kill any of the hostages in a moment of rage you can just put them in the back and say they were already there
Ample storage space for all that cash too
I want to use a hearse as a getaway vehicle in a bank heist.. Like who's gonna check the one car that's doing 17 miles an hour?
This is the best worded thing I've ever written
Still laughing at my own joke
I GOT A BROKEN FAAACE 
(see it here) 
People get so caught up in being envious of other people's achievements that they inadvertently impair their own ability to achieve
Vandalism 
Pretty as 
A
Rock
sday Preppers last night
@donnellyrobyn7 aww, thank you <VICTORY HAND>
@treesontoast thank you, how sweet !
Feel like someone who's liked the Britain First page 
I think every selfie I've taken for the past six months has been in this bathroom
Exclusive, never seen before shot of cxnnxr in his natural party habitat 
someone on Omegle just told me I look like a back-up dancer for @cyhsyband 
Stop using "free speech" as an excuse to be misogynistic, oppressive, racist and insulting!
I don't even know how to respond to this atrocious attempt of an argument 
@pippabartolotti I was curious because of the impact the meat industry has on the environment
"TAKIN ALL THE JOBS OFF BRITISH PEEPLE"

Immigrant comes to UK and doesn't get a job:
"FU…
