Etisalat just sent me happy Easter message.. Hmmmm!
@4eyedmonk. You got dm bro.
@ChikaUwazie Awesome list you put together... More grease to your elbow!
@exschoolnerd I don't understand how they cancel great shows, and the shitty ones remain for endless seasons
Discovered Allegiance a while back.... Now binging on season 1, sad it has been cancelled.
@Gbemi_Lolade Yeah!!! They really don't need it again. I love Mastercard though!!! Easiest card to use!!
@Gbemi_Lolade its MasterCard's slogan
Lol!!! I used to be very paranoid as a kid. I would smell my food before eating it. Butter was the evil food!
There are some things money can't buy! For everything else there's Mastercard.
We will be conducting more CEO interviews on @WhootAfrica !! The aim is to push entrepreneurship education via our interviews.
@Esit_U Its heartbreaking! That's 4 years too early, pray she doesn't get the painful one.
@Esit_U Oh no!! Poor girl.. That's not right...
@mycreamydelight Bless you loads.
It has been my principle ever since... Tonight, I am happy and thankfully I can drink in front of my dad.
My first adult bottle of wine was bought for me by a friend.. Inside Tesco's he handed me the bottle and said, never drink when you are sad.
@teeteelayo @Olurounbi We need to meet before June ladies!!! Let's find a day we are on the Island to hang out.
@nikkytheminx @glintstonemag You both sha!!! What can I say? You both stood by me at the worst... So surreal! See what God is doing now!!!
Never underestimate the power of prayer and forgiveness! It opens unimaginable doors.
My baby brother looked at me today and said... Shola! I am so proud of you! One day, your dreams will come true and the world will see it.
The minute you tell me I can't do something... I not only do it, I will win at it too. Determined woman!!!
"@OluyomiOjo: Eniyan la'so... Some people are garments of gold." True!
@OluyomiOjo You have been a good person and you will always find good. This much, I can testify to!
When you tell the truth, God will always fight for you.. He has been super awesome. I don't know how I made it, but I did.
I have had such an amazing week!!! God blessed me in ways only he could. Thankful to those who made my week so blessed.
@exschoolnerd Where is your earpiece? You should always go with one..
Mastercard is the best!!! Easy to use!! No long thing...
After I clarified the update.. You still go on to share nonsense with your friend... Sigh!!! Monitoring spirits
Cont! from nowhere is asking me how my journey is going and EDD...nosy bunch.
People though! I wrote " Expecting" on facebook over a month ago and I explained via inbox that it was about a project. Today! Your friend
Gosh! I hope I can keep up.... I never finish any dose of medicine..

@MikeSchiemer @10MillionMiler #MarkCuban #leadership #entrepreneur #startup #quote 
There is something about earning your own cheque.. No matter how little.

I have indirectly experienced the horror of kidney… 
This is how to hold an election... No hassle, no scandal, no stolen ballot and quick results... Nigeria! Which way.
@walegates Yes! People lost respect for Ed after what he did to his brother.
@walegates David looked way better and would have made a better Labour leader..
Yay!!! @Tiwaworks in Forbes Africa.... Way to go bro!!! You need to frame a copy for your little cute Eba eaters... Big shoes to surpass ooo
Sigh!!!
I was so angry with the one person I never get angry with... I ended up crying out of guilt for being upset.
That priceless joy that comes with making someone smile... *teary eyed*.
Anyone work with Microsoft Nigeria on here??? Holla at me please! Kindly RT
The way I walk around in flats and sneakers these days though...
I onced walked from Euston Station to Hyde park in 4" heels.. I can't even even go 5 mins in anything higher than 2" now.
Excited!!! Happy!!! Thankful! Optimistic!!! Above all, honouring God with everything in me... God is amazingly awesome.
@Miss_Jayla Lmao.... I love this... Same here!!! lol..
To every young woman like me, please don't give up on your dreams... One day! They will come together and happen the way God planned it.
PDF Escape just made my day.....
Some interviews overwhelm you in a good way!! Trying to do justice in terms of questions is not easy at all.. God speak through me today.
@bubusn @walegates Feeding plan, so it doesn't look like he abandoned her. Or just give her space for a year, no cash, nothing. she go learn
@bubusn Adebayor needs to put his mom on some feeding allowance plan and tell the rest to beat it....Long hiss!!!
@shadeladipo Sure!!! I will. I am up for a face to face at the end of May too. Whenever you are in Lagos. Many Thanks.
@GbengaGOLD Hell is real oooo... Stop it Gbenga!!? Lol.
How does one sign a PDP document digitally??? Any suggestions please. Thanks!
@shadeladipo !!! We just dey chill for @WhootAfrica , we can't wait to share your interview *cough* We are excited to have it back lol..
Super thankful!! I want to spill like an excited spoilt child, but I can't.. Super thankful though. Dreams really do come true. Godwin!!
When you tell the truth, it really doesn't matter who believes it or not. Get on with your thing! Time reveals all.
@4eyedmonk You got DM bro!!!
@aishahmad Awareness aside! There is not enough counselling on what to expect..
"@aishahmad: Cervical cancer is one of the leading cancers in women. #health #women. @OSAYIAO" Has no symptoms until its almost too late!
@aishahmad Getting those test done can be very emotional. One minute everything seems fine, next minute your whole life changes.
My reply.. Thank God my mother agreed to marry you.. It would have been sad if I looked like your people.. Lmao!! He laughed so hard!! Bliss
My Dad just threw tribalism shade at me... Lol!!! Are those not your people hahahhaha! Apparently he is full Yoruba and I am not lmao..
Please don't crack Ebola jokes! It is absolutely disrespectful.. Thousands died from it, ain't nothing funny about it.
I hate time wasters..You will have to wait until I am ready for you. Can't be going back and forth over something that requires common sense
@TifeBollz My heart breaks for him though.. Family!! Sigh!
Itchy hands!!! Chai!!!
"@Ju_Ju03: God got Me......" Amen! Me too!
Igbo's like money? Are they supposed to like shit??? Biko!!! Make we hear word.
I will never hide my love for Igbo people!! My Mom's oldest sister was Igbo, she was the best woman I ever knew.. God rest her soul.
As a yoruba person! The people who have wholehearted done the most for me are non Yorubas.
Dear Igbo people!!! Don't let some ignorant people say they are speaking for yoruba's.. Swat them off like flies.
"@JesseOguns: I'm in an abusive relationship with my bank. Similar to the type some have with Arik Air." Move to FCMB! You won't hear word
"@bonifacemwangi: I proposed from a jail cell. And she said YES. True story." Awwwwwww!
My dad speaks life to me!!! I am inspired by his dedication and prayers towards my goals. I am thankful to have him.
PHCN fixing cables like crazy at my end... The fear of Buhari is the beginning of .... Lol!!!
@j_divaaa Very possible.. Now runs along.
@IfeanyiAbraham *cough*.. Someone has forgotten me ooo lol.
Everything na double double... *dancing*
"@je_mc2: Eventually, some of you will realise that you can't 'out-insult' Omojuwa. Till then." But a man who is constantly cursing sha!
"@Queen_UK: Nice to see Nick Clegg out campaigning to the last. 
The highest level of trust I can give a male friend, is to drink alcohol around you... I only drink with guys I completely trust.
@Olurounbi Hahahahahhah!!! Don't kill me ooo lol... Bless you sis!!!
@Olurounbi hahahahahha!!! In the bag means sorted ooo.. Lol!!! God has been working full time for his baby girl.. Lol..
Another fabulous interview in the bag for @WhootAfrica ... I will keep at it until my work needs no introduction. God will crown my efforts
I thought I was friends with @JovagoTravel  and @marekchinedu .. Y'all could have asked if I wanted a travel job.. Sigh! Fabulous job!
Feeling like a baby girl today... Great start to the week. No complains day 1..
Woke up today with the promise not to think about anything worry related. The lines are falling in pleasant places today. God is great.
@TFSanni This has to faith working out for me.. Just discussing with an ex- UBA staff on how best to go about reaching you for an interview
@CheRox You got dm... Many thanks!
Hahahahahahha... I am just here praying my interview dates don't clash lol...
Anyone have a contact number for Chocolate city Group? It would mean a great deal. Many thanks cc @pauloflow
I wish everyone a productive and happy week..
Yoruba people have a proverb.. E no go hard reach make one person no dey there for you. May God continue to protect us.
We all know life can be hard and things get tough.. No one will remember you for killing yourself. There is always something to live for.
Just got off a call! Please if you are going through life, please throw away pride.. Talk to someone please!! Suicide is not the way.
Courier company will charge me 35k to send 10 letters across Lagos.. Oh Boy!! I am playing courier delivery woman myself this week lol..
Coming from dysfunctional is not anyone's fault.. Getting out and making the best is what interests me at this point.
They say their mother had 4 children by four fathers.. Well! Guess what, I will happily be friends with those kids than anyone else.
In such a happy place today.. Someone opened some doors for me over the weekend!! I was speechless and in tears. This God is awesome.
My dad's look when I gave away most of my stuff recently! He couldn't say anything, but his look spoke volumes. Like he didn't teach me this
Being able to tell these young girls around me that life will get better, while lending a small hand is priceless..
My baby brother hates the fact that I do everything for everyone else but myself! If only he understood my joy!!
What gives me joy at this point, is being able to pay school fees, feed people and just help make it better.
I am just that contented person! I am very happy with the little I have!!! I can wear one sneakers with pride and still look good.
@OladeleNihi awwwww! God's speed and safety...
#TrekForGEJ 
"@FemiJACOBS: #ipray4you May your week burst forth with possibilities. Amen." Amen!!!!
@ALIBABAGCFR Thankfully! There's the rail line passing through... It will be a major cash cow if we get it right.
@ALIBABAGCFR Let women like Bolanle Austen- Peters be given the chance to turn around the fortune of the National Arts Theatre. @BolaBap
25mins to decide!! To run or not lol... Everywhere still hurts from yesterday!!! Felt absolutely stronger though!! Sigh!!
Teraaaaaaa! Preach!!! "@teracarissa: The door they thought they closed for you, was big to them, but small to God."
"@teracarissa: Let GOD straighten out the lies concerning you." Amen!!!!
@TunjiAndrews TL is the reason why I gave up accountancy for business in UNI lol. Its a freaking classroom up there lol. Forgive me bro!
Super thankful!! The way God shows his hands though.. You have to constantly give him the MVP award.
#IAAFWorldRelays 
We will fight, argue, even stop being friends. But, I will keep it real before I walk out the door.
@etisalat_9ja Pls can you stop with that ridiculous 08189507800 call nonsense... It is annoying and uncalled for. Please stop it.
Anything I have to say, I will say to you personally!!!! That's how it works with me at this point.
I am more afraid of people who sit down and watch you misbehave, and then smile like cool to your face... I will call you out in confidence.
@GbengaGOLD Hahahahahahahha....
Just pulled a 2hour jog +walk... So tired! Everywhere hurts..
Just woke up!! Sigh! Missed calls from private number. People who call with them though.
I am just here listening to this morons here go on and on!!! See what Nepa is causing.
Really sad! A woman who is about to fall prey in her own field, commenting heavily on another woman's case.. Tsk Tsk Tsk!!! Sigh!
@GbengaGOLD I should fav this tweet.. A tweet not related to politics... Chai!!! Never thought the day would come ooo lol..
Awwww! " @Earth_Pics: Police dogs in China wait for dinner 
Lol!!! Yomi oo. I used a candle for the first time in 10yrs"@OluyomiOjo: No light, no fuel. Money faileth. - Ifa Olokun, Asoro d'ayo.150BC"
@dami_speaks You know this!!! I became exhausted after one chapter... Fell asleep lol..
Tried reading my e-books today!! I gave up half way.. Back to paperbacks for me..
God is awesome.. You write it down, think and pray about how it will happen.. God just came through for me big time. Dreams do come true.
Oh my!!! Oronto Douglas had little kids.. Wow!! May God comfort his wife and family.
Driving instructor has been buzzing my phone.. Hahahahahha!!!
In a happy place today.. I can't even describe what my friends are doing to me on bbm and whatsapp!! Thankful! Dreams do come true!
Where can I buy a dictaphone in Nigeria!! Need one urgently.
@JesseOguns Thanks dear! I am usually careful... Blackberry can be annoying. I use my other one for interviews, hence the no contact
@JesseOguns. Contact details for my regulars are in already. The close knit group! I will go through my emails for signature numbers.
@JesseOguns some upgrade nonsense on BB!! Was bored!!! Thought I backed it up. Things done in the dead of night.
I am almost contact less at the moment... Didn't back up my phone, only sim stored numbers remain. Chai!
@Funmilola has the best Tedx talk on youtube.. Sad, the embed codes are locked. You can't share on any page lol.. You have come a long way
@TifeBollz You washing me jor.. You tied that gele yourself? Wow!!
Shonda Rhimes will kill Miranda Bailey's husband next season.. Stupid fool got a will lol..
Shonda Rhimes didn't think this Amelia storyline through... How can you choose to break anyone down this emotionally. Gosh! It hurts.
"@Queen_UK: #RoyalBaby update: Prince William is on gas and air." Lmao!!!
@TifeBollz I am "unlooking"... Too stunning!!! Abeg! Share your cream ooo Tife!!!
April kepner is all kinds of annoying... Really! Really!!!
Oh no!!! Grey's Anatomy is making me cry!!! The carousel never stops spinning. This is so hurtful!!
"@hotelsng: "Frogmeat is a delicacy in certain parts of Benue State." How true is this? 
This time last week!!!!!!! Sigh! Thankful still!!!!
Couldn't sleep... Thankful, I was able to put in some work while the crew slept...
Updated my phone... If I had your number before... Kindly DM your numbers... Many thanks.
"@exschoolnerd: Show him you are wife material.. Go and queue for fuel and surprise him with 50litres at home..." Falls off chair!!!
@KoloKennethK. Hahahhahahahhha!!!
Slept through today!!! I better find something to keep me busy tonight, gonna be a long night.
@glintstonemag Dare!!!!!!! Not enough words to express my gratitude.. God bless you!!
That Friday night!!! Lord! I am thankful!!!
That painful moment when your nails rips your new VS delicate... *tears*.. Chai!!! Ladies!! You understand me.
My dad used to be a free thinker who never believed in miracles, until I crawled pass at 7mths and my uncle collapsed on that same spot.
Nothing like when you genuinely forgive yourself for your shortcomings.. Don't live in guilt and regrets.. Its important for sanity.
Visit 
GEJ was a good man though!! Sad, being good is not enough to rule a nation like Nigeria.
Back to the new grind.. All new interviews!! I need someone to transcribe.. Hit me up if you are interested!!!
Never would have made it, is such a powerful song!!! Good morning world!!!
Hillsong are a special breed of worshippers... They have a song that speaks to every emotion.
@Nedu64 You got DM.. Thanks
5 days without Power, I am so over this....
@Miss_Jayla What??? That's two opposite ends entirely!!! You will have to have to find your way to liverpool street or stratford.. Chai!
"@iaboyeji: People share things that make them look good to others." Truer words have never being said!!!
Dying is not the worst thing on earth!! Losing your conscience is!!!
When you are good to people and help out in their time of need,protect their dignity.. You will always be good people to them.
You can say what u feel and do what you want. If you can sleep at night with your conscience knowing what you did.Then I am not missing much
I lost a friend recently for protecting the dignity and confidence of 3 people!!! Would I do it again!!! Heavens yes!!
Huh!!! Thuraya phones still exist?
Decided not to worry about anything today.. God will sort it out! He always does.
@Teeweezee Awwww! Morning love!!! The one that got away with my superdrug goodies lol..
I want to interview @iaboyeji .. But, I promised myself I won't do it without a camera.. Lol!!!
I think Buhari didn't think it through banning AIT!! He says he's a democratic leader now.. Let's give him the benefit of the doubt.
That Lastma RT got me laughing.. Those guys are the new version of Agbero's.. Only difference? They have uniforms.
Really happy about the rescued girls!!! God will help us bring the rest home.. Losing a child is not a joke!!
When I know my heart is not capable of loving you and being that lady you want, I make you my good friend...
Everytime he calls me, he says such great things to me that I can't help but just wonder how one person can believe in another so much.
I have this friend, Tokunbo.. We became friends in 08, the first day he met me.. He called me Boss, madam and CEO.
@ExtraFemiSocial @OloriSupergal #media Femi! Can I be your plus one for the event?
Hahahhaahhahha!!! I am such a fearful person!!! Like, I am afraid of everything.. I will worry over the smallest things.
My friend was kind enough to march my behind to driving school yesterday!!! I avoided him for over a week because of it.. Lol!!
Good Morning guys!!!
Can you guys just take a break from politics twitter.. Una no dey tire.
@MsJazzyfied Isioma ooooo... I am about to do the black sister church dance.... Blesssssssssssssss
My sister would go straight to the point and ask, what is the solution. She always manages to keep dry eyes when I cry lmao!!
I'd give anything to be like my baby sister.. She's younger and stronger. I usually cry first before finding a solution.
If the Chibok girls are part of the rescued girls...GEJ deserves a bit of credit. All is well! Leave you opinion on your TL please.
Speechless!!!! 11.59pm...
I have never needed a miracle like I do right now.... Just too exhausted to think.
@bubusn @attaswitch hahahaha... I no go lie sha... E drop well, but we still fit buy padlock... I an for Jesus now brothers in the Lord! Lol
Happy Birthday @Funms !!! May God continue to surpass your expectations.. Hope you had fun!!!
@babagby Hahahahhahha!!! He should fit in there.
Mercy over justice indonesia..
Dear God! I need a miracle!!!

@10MillionMiler #quotes #quote RT @Oprah_World @GinaLaGalbo @ctgirlonthego h…
Whatever happened to that oga at the top guy?
When someone puts you in an awkward and painful position and knowing the implication of it to your loved one.. You can only pray for them.
Like I said, may those you care about never be put in the situation you put someone else in... Think about it, when your Ego goes to bed.
Walk in your denial and hardened heart.. Insult people who may turn out to be bigger than you tomorrow, you only quicken Gods hands
I have an amazing circle and support system who rose up to the occasion, and did what was right for someone they cared about.
What you did is inexcusable, I can only pray such pain is not melted out to those you truly care about by anyone.
confronting your truth... Everyone is disloyal except the liar that talks to you everyday... Sad! Make up has a way of covering evil.
God has a way of working out what is right and just... Sad! Your denial will never let you see the truth, you can call everyone names except
One day I might be able to share April 25th like it was... But, for now I will take the high road... Pray for you and your 4little ladies.
I will continue to stand by my truth, protect dignity along the way and protect you too... You can slander, but I will protect at all cost.
@4eyedmonk. They all look fab!!!
@4eyedmonk Did you take those pictures?
@attaswitch @bubusn  hahahaha! Grabs Padlock for my pata.. Lmao! I loved that song! Reminds me of one person hahahhaha!
Super worried today about a certain issue, but I trust God enough about it.
I should be resting, but my mind won't let me... So many things I need to do.
I didn't believe exhaustion was real until now.... Experiencing it way more than ever.... I hope these vitamins starts kicking in well.
Starve them
Give them Gods
And "tribes"

You will enjoy manipulating them.
Forever.
@nikkytheminx hahahahhaha! Went to the bank with my clothes inside out... Lmao!!!
Just got off my first day as a second time learner... This time I will make it work...
@GorgeousPOLA. Awwww.. Thanks love!! Miss you ooo. God has been awesome.
Found that picture this morning... All kinds of emotional and gratitude to God.
@iaboyeji You need people who will not stand in your way.... Absolutely important!!!
Lol... "You will hear, wow! and you never said a word" hahahahahahahha.... I turned to the one person who could make a difference...
God is just super awesome....
I went through some of my challenges alone, I didn't tell a soul until it was over...How I kept my sanity and still smiled still beats me.
Sometimes you will never get the perfect picture... The imperfect ones carry more back stories...
That picture was taken in 2012!!! Don't mind the hair and eyebrows... I was more in shock than happy.. Thankful for all my blessings.
I am not naked.. This picture signifies one of those days in my life, after so much health issues, I got good news! 
@learnanewlangu True!!! A new language... Lol!
@reminola A BLT would make a lot of difference to my day today lol..
@Oluwakaponeski Mummy, I am heading to Italy.. Mama tobi - Tobi, otin se asewo abi.. Man we miss your videos ooo. Hurry up please lol.
This guy right here-----@glintstonemag!!! God blessed me with!!! Chai!! He gets my creative juices flowing.. Early morning brainstorming
Is it too late to learn a foreign language? I really want to learn French and Spanish..
There's a certain kind of wrong you should never do to a woman, especially when you have daughters...
God will definitely make a way!!!
I usually channel pain into achieving something tangible.. Today! I am going out to conquer one of my biggest fears... I should make a video
Cont! by reading one of my interviews, then I guess I have achieved something. More business interviews in the works.
Whoot Africa for me, is about entrepreneurship education right from the CEO's themselves.. If one person's business journey gets better
@nikkytheminx Amen love... Like you said, it will end in praise... Bless you loads sis.
God made wealth and added more wealth to abundance... Both my names indicate this!!! Thankful!
Had plenty of cake this evening.... Thankful for life!! What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
@nikkytheminx What would I ever do without you..Thanks for everything sis!! Friends were created for seasons such as this. I love you loads
That hospital smell always gets to me.. But, having compassionate doctors means the world. Not where I plan to start my dad! Still thankful.
Tummy ache from hell this morning... I'd take a million injections over tablets. Sigh!!
@thepseudogeek Thanks honey! Will do.. Are you still in Ghana?
@thepseudogeek bless love!!! Please keep it coming.
Please cc an Entrepreneur in Ghana... Many thanks.
Keeping my mind occupied as much as possible today!!!
@Adacampbell How else to show how uppity they are.. Lol!
Bobbi Kristina just crossed my mind.. There is still balm in Gilead! It will be a testimony story.
"@FemiJACOBS: Can you really clean up on dirty money? #QuestionForTheGang" We have soap for that lol..
My Dad just said, all women have that spirit that takes over them when they drive..Lmao!!! Sigh!! I said some women, he said no! All of them
@CheRox You sef! Why you go live near church now *kneels down and raises hands*
@Printivo Happy Birthday @OluyomiOjo ... You are a blessing and may you continue to be a blessing to this generation and beyond.
My Dad just smiled like a little kid.. His fav OAP Wale Popopo just gave him a shout out on Radio Continental.. Awwww! The little things!
My dad just smiled like a little kid.. Gave him a shout out on his favourite radio show with Wale Popopo on Radio continental.. Awwww!
So happy for Bruce Jenner.. If he's happy!! The world can bloody mind their own business.
Postman Pat... My big bro, happily sharing letters since the 20s.
One of my babies will be 18 tomorrow.. Chai! I knew when he was born.. Covers face!!! I don old ooo
Next week Friday on @WhootAfrica, Affiong Williams, CEO Reel fruits shares her entrepreneurship journey with us.. Don't miss it!!
"Indescribable emptiness"
Something doesn't feel right...
@myfcmb needs to pay me a finders fee for all these new converts heading their way.
Dear young people!! You can start building a stockbroking portfolio for as low as 2000Naira.. Thank me later!
I had problems logging into @CSLStockbroking platform.. They called me immediately.. The First City Group is absolutely Top-notch.
Dear @MyFCMB, a lot of people are planning to move accounts to your bank.. Please don't let them down! Else they will come for me. Lol.
@tolasol For the 1st day of the year! She sounded more than happy to be at work.. FCMB is a great bank.
@tolasol I have been with them for a year. No complains whatsoever. Called CS on the 1st of Jan and I felt like sending the rep a party pack
@JesseOguns Please join FCMB!! Hassle free banking.
@JesseOguns That's why I stick to mastercard. Hassle free something lol..
I am yet to confess my mess up ooo. Chai!!! God don't expose me ooo...
I need an appropriate and respectful meme !! My father just called me by my full name! It ain't never happened before.
Apologies to @KoloKennethK  wives and potentials ooo.. Dude has bedroom voice, even for afternoon. Treat him right whoever you are sha.
@KoloKennethK Definitely adding to my buy list...
I was talking about FCMB!!! My last few tweets are about FCMB.. Customer service at its best.
@tolasol FCMB!!!!
I live a stone throw away from the bank, and he was kind enough to come get the signature.
Went to the bank to drop a document earlier! I missed a signature and my banker came to my place to get it, knowing I wasn't feeling well.
I don't want no funny birthday gifts this year.. Just buy me Nestle shares and God knows you will make heaven for it lol..
Dear @shondarhimes ! I won't tweet craziness at you.. But, Derek's death really hurt.. How will Meredith go on? This is so wrong. *tears*
FCMB is the best.... End of!!!
@KoloKennethK Can I ring you up later in the day please?
I will interview these great women some day soon ----- Mrs Bola Adesola of Standard Chartered Bank and Mrs Sola David-Borha of @StanbicIBTC
Two women I would give almost anything to interview, Mrs Bola Adesola of Standard Chartered Bank and Mrs Sola David-Borha of @StanbicIBTC
@BABAmiLEKO Oh my God!!! This song has been playing in my head all day.. Thanks bro!!! How are you?
If I have reservations about anything or behaviour, at this point in my life... I am damn well saying it to your face... And your face alone
Just like when I was a kid... God bless the great dads out there.
God bless my dad, I have been so poorly that food became an issue for me.. He would leave me leftovers just to get me to have some.
I hope someday when you are mature enough not to run people who looked out for you down, u will be mature enough to tender an apology.
Screen grabs of such conversations will always remain on file somewhere, but It won't keep me down.
Love and passion are such beautiful things... I won't trade it for anything in the world.
I hope that thing you said you haven't been able to do since her, happens for you soon. Really sad blaming someone else for your inadequacy.
My sister's words to me today!!! Never be sad over anyone or anything, what is good never eludes a good heart.
It takes on spoiler to be with one... I guess it all played out in the end...
Don't stop protecting dignity... I will do this over and over again... I protected dignity for 7mths only to realise they are both the same
Can't wait for this phase to be over.... I know this is Gods protection for me, finding out these shocking facts has been really helpful.
@AffiSupaStar Like one had no identity before marriage... Sigh!
Tired much... Sigh! Craving all the wrong things...
"@pamboogie: Just need reassurance that everything will be ok" it sure will.
The Impact of Social Media on Business Growth: Funke Shonekan, Social Networking Expert 
eTranzact Records N168.1m PAT, Announces Mobile Web West Africa 2015 Sponsorship and CEO Award. 
Wyndham Hotel Group Opens First Hotel in Eastern Africa 
e-Commerce: MOBOfree Records Outstanding Performances in Africa 
Flocash Named to the Red Herring Europe Top 100 List 

Seat = something you sit on, e.g., a chair

Take a SIT. → <CROSS MARK>

SEAT down. → <CROSS MARK>

Take a SE…
@ExtraFemiSocial @WhootAfrica Awwww... Bless! Looking forward to catching up with you too.
@ExtraFemiSocial Hey dear.. Kindly check your inbox.
You can rubbish me and mine.. It won't stop us from loving or praying for you. You should be the one worried, so God's wrath doesn't visit u
I can sleep at night knowing I haven't wronged you in anyway. I have looked out for you and you being better will always be my goal.
I am in a compassionate place in my life!!! And that means I will always give hear to anyone who needs to share his/her struggles..
Happy Birthday gorgeous one @Ms_Hilz !! Your best days have just started. Have fun love!!!
If hating me and trashing me makes what you feel easier to bear!!! I am all for it. I could never hate you, even if I tried.
I can sit you down and explain certain things to you, but betraying the trust of others will hurt more.
How do you explain dedicating a hate post to someone you claim to loathe everyday on facebook??? I don't understand school yard crap.
With tears in my eyes and pain in my belly and soul!!! I hand you over to a just God!!! Who will do justice to you in due season.
Amazing what people will say or type when they think you will never hear or read it.. With every utterance today! I hand you over to GOD!
My morning started off great!!! Besides hitting my bruised vein to a pole while running.. I plan to make the most of today. Have a fab week!
When you offer comfort to an ailing person and then turn around to use it to insult them... Chai! You will see Gods hands.
When I can't handle an issue or you lie against me... Trust me, I will call on God and report my case to him, he will vindicate in the open.
This number game again?

Asking…
@KoloKennethK It really pissed me off... How disrespectful!!!
You knock on my door, I tell you No... You walk away, come back and scream through my window on why I have to listen to you. How dare you?
There has to be a place where one can report these pushy Jehovah's Witness preachers... How dare you come back to force me to listen to you?
@Olurounbi Meanie!!?
@Olurounbi hahaha hahaha...
@CheRox Yes!!!! I have heard worse.
@CheRox She had gutsiness... She really never cared what anyone had to say about her.
@iaboyeji Thanks for this... A word in season.
@Miss_Jayla No mind them... Lol!!! There will be deals, she won't do any jail time whatsoever.
@Basseyworld @pdbraide @CheRox @Oddbod75 Where's the collection plate please? Preach lol..
@Miss_Jayla Yes! Like a real New York Madame lol...
@Oddbod75 flips hair!!! Gratitute is key here!!! Can't have it all ooo. Some days spanxs makes the difference, some days? Who cares.
@Oddbod75 What I lack in skinny, God did with a pretty face lmao... Gats be grateful jare.
If I was DAM!! I will own this fuck up, find a country with no extradition treaty with Nigeria and go be a rich kept baby girl.
@Miss_Jayla Me too!!! If na small diamonds here and there... Black market will never go out of market lol.. She's gorgeous though.
@pdbraide @CheRox @Oddbod75 I can't come and kill myself ooo. I have accepted my curves and extras with good faith lol.
@Miss_Jayla at what price??? No oil blocs to share again ooo...lol
@CheRox Falls off chair!!! Aunty Uche ha!!! See why I like you lol..
@CheRox I tell you.. This heat has been hell.. Enjoy your no F's to give day lol.
Everyday should be a good pants day.. When small breeze blow cloth, na to continue waka with pride...
@CheRox Hahahahahahha... No girdle to give lol..
I can never keep still when Lara George's Dansaki comes on.. That song got me through some major hurtful time in my life.
For what you are, in my life
I'm acknowledging you for who yous are
Dansakire baba!
These days, I wake up to multiple missed calls. I have been too exhausted lately to stay up to chat, gosh!!! I miss it.
In Chude's words... We are wannabes...
If everyone is a traitor and disloyal to you, a time comes when you have to wonder what the common denominator is... YOU!!!
I have this burst of energy today... Besides my aching vein and sore evil pimple.. I feel great!!! Thankful for today.
I am just one of those people God fights for specially... I can't even comprehend what just happened now! I am a winner ooo.
I don't think anything hurts more than when you tell the truth and some labels you a liar for it. Oh well!!! God knows how he works.
@walegates Happy Birthday bro!!! You don dey old ooo... Lol,,, Have a blast!
@IfeanyiAbraham Please inbox me a number... Many thanks.
Tears... I have pimples... Pimp freaking pimples... I never get pimples ... This is bad.
@je_mc2 inbox me your number please
Who wants Etisalat MB at least 1500 for downloads. It expires tomorrow the 18th.
@IfeanyiAbraham Chai!!! You got me! Tried that Orijin drink a few weeks ago.. Well! I was told I tried to organize my birthday while drunk.
I want a pimped out Mercedes 200.. Yes!!! 200.
@CheRox Was around your office today.. Your phone network no gree cooperate lol.. How are you dear?
@IfeanyiAbraham Ifeanyi! You are a christian brother ooo.. Thou shall not snitch or try to put a christian sister under the spotlight oo.
I don't really drink Guiness, but I love that say Confam billboard.. I love it!!!
@anointedtish Cervical cancer.. But, I think it is administered btw the ages of 13 and 26 or so in the UK.
I hate folks who litter.. Just so wrong!!!
Ignore the previous typo.. Can't be bothered to correct it. Thank God I have a bottle of milkshake with me. This heat is crazy!
Stuck in traffic! Already feeling too exchausted to even look forward to the journey anymore.. Sigh!!!
@Zitera Feel better love!!!
Has anyone over 30 taken the HPV injection in Nigeria? Tweet at me please..
@OlufemiOG You are heading to hell ooo lol... Hahahahahha!
Glad, I didn't cut my hair yesterday.. Chai!!! I would have been going around looking like a scare crow today.. Lol..
If I walk through airport sniffer dogs right now! I'd be off to jail... Those crazy things they mix with hair products lol..
Started bonding with my baby brother lately.... He give me TMI time out. " He goes, you are my big sister.. That's too much information lol
My week, painful and emotional... Glad its almost over. "@Miss_Jayla: 
"You tell me every one I met through you will hurt me" from where I am standing, the only one who has hurt me is you.
" You can make it, as long as you don't do it through people you met through me".... Life!
For the first time in almost a week! I closed me eyes and slept for 4 hours straight from 8pm.
On my way home. I thought wow! He said the first time I made your hair, you wouldn't even let me touch your edges...lol
.
He said, you don't sound like you are sure you want to cut all your hair off, whatever it is, you will feel better tomorrow. He was right!
Went to my sister's hairdresser and asked to chop my hair off, he looks at me and asked me to come back tomorrow. When I asked why?
It will get better, this too shall pass. It will get better, this too shall pass... It will get better, this too shall pass.
@AffiSupaStar Passes by!
@Ms_Hilz My veins hurt for weeks on end after blood is drawn.
Even when I know I wasn't wrong, I always end up feeling bad about it.
When I get to that point of using hurtful words during an argument, I always feel like someone dropped a ton of cement on my shoulder.
Anyone else experience swollen and bruised veins long after blood has been drawn? Will never get used to it.
When someone brings an inappropriate conversation to you, please save it and have proof! You will need to prove it someday. People lie a lot
All these old women sef. Can't one be looking dull without them assuming something wrong. Maybe Dull is my colour statement for the day
@IF3ANYI Hello.
Craving peanut butter and jelly.
Humility is everything!!!
Irrespective of age! If I am friends with you, I believe helping you be a better person will reflect on me too.
A man people don't stand up to, to tell him about his bad behaviours.That has to be the end of life,when no one can call you to order on it.
I cannot imagine being with a man who is obnoxious, rude and condescending towards people as a woman!!! Relationships should be impacting.
@CSLStockbroking Can't find your log in portal please
First meal of the day and it taste blehhhhh...
Cracking up my pain away with old friends I haven't seen in 11years... Super chuffed!
Experiencing painful heat wave through my body this morning... Feels like I am gonna pass out... Is this what they call hot flashes???
Is anyone experiencing this burst of heat wave or is it just me?
@j_divaaa Thanks honey boo boo....
When it comes to Whoot Africa, I never stay down too long.Doors might be shut in my face, but I have a determined spirit that keeps me going
My dream interviews include Dr Tony Elumelu, Aliko Dangote, Bola Adesola, Sola David-Borha. I know, it will happen for me someday soon.
The kind of faith I have for Whoot Africa though.. I have my questions set for all my dream interviews..
We scored an interview with London based South African investor Rob Hersov... Good times ahead.. Dee Poku of WIE network too.
monica musonda and Vusi Thembekwayo followed Whootafricaofficial on Instagram in 24 hours... Greatness awaits us.. I admire both so much.
@BABAmiLEKO Awwwwwww.... Husband material.
@ExtraFemiSocial You are not following.. Can't reply you.
@ExtraFemiSocial Done
First City Monument Bank Unveils Refreshed Corporate Identity 
@mellowcabs @WhootAfrica Bring it home.. It would be great to feature you on Next steps.. A follow up on our previously interviewed CEOs
AIF announces the 10 nominees for its annual Innovation Prize for Africa Awards 
Congrats Neil du Preez, CEO of @mellowcabs on your AIF Innovation Prize for Africa Awards nomination... @WhootAfrica is super proud of you
Nestle shares is 5 times that of Total.... FMCG is the way forward!!
Nestle closed stock at 936 Naira today from 805 last week....
There should be a donation kind of thing with drugs that are in date, that one can't use. Bought meds  I can't use anymore just yesterday
@Tiwaworks Hey bro! You got dm.
I'd give anything to have my belvedere stretch of road for a good walk to clear my head.. I have snapped too many times today.
Dear @MyFCMB ... I love this new internet banking... Simply beautiful!!!
Crazy ill this morning, but the thoughts of seeing one of my oldest friends after 11years just gives me joy.. Super chuffed!
@reminola Bless sis...
@reminola Thanks sis! I won't try this next time.
Agbaje calls Ambode
Yero calls Elrufai 
They have each others phone numbers. While u supporters ar…
@reminola I just did... It burns more with food... I wasn't hungry so I had extra chocolate in my drink... Chai! Hurts like hell.
Burning sensation in my belly, a cup of chocolate does not serve the same as food... Just took antibiotics without food. Crap this hurts.
They won't ask me if I nicked their cash anyways!!! They won't dare, so I watch them play smart with me and then bless them with their own.
I have my horrible big sis moments.. When my younger ones complain about cash, I find their stash, nick it and bless them with it..
Super restless....
@iretyogo I thought as much.. Awwwwww... Pele love!
@iretyogo Lol.... Ireti what is this ??? Lol..... Party rice sha.
Went in with one item in mind... Oh! You look pale said my lovely pharmacist... Ended up walking out with extra vitamins.. Sigh!
The walk to the pharmacy felt like a never ending journey... sigh!!! Pharmacy business is the new pot of gold...Drugs are freaking expensive
@iretyogo Missed you too honey... Call you within the hour love... I smile whenever I think of you.. Big God wey dey do big things ooo
@4eyedmonk What can we say... Amuwo Odofin loves PDP lol
@BABAmiLEKO This year started on a giving note for me, and I have to admit... I am yet to be broke and I hope I won't be.
@BABAmiLEKO They wonder why I can walk around Lagos in converse and backpacks when I should buy myself something nicer..
I see determined young girls out here with no one to help them.... God!!! I want to do so much..
When I get the chance, I will open an orphanage and bring in as many children as I can, give them hope and joy..This is a life time dream!!
@shadeladipo cough cough... Sis! We are still waiting on that interview sha... Now runs along before she pens an article about me.
Being able to look for something someone else needs and getting it for them is everything.
I get emotional whenever my food bank contribution goes out... Knowing someone will have dinner that day means the world to me.
There's something about being able to chip in here and there for others..
I wish he understood how much Joy I get from being able to take care of everyone.He thinks its unhealthy and wants me to do something for me
My baby brother thinks I suffer from Santa Claus syndrome... Making sure everyone gets something and I end up using my old stuff.
No one to run errands for me right now... Physically exhausted to even make it down the stairs!!! What a day!
Dear @wordpress, kindly take your money from my paypal account ooo... Can't be looking at money like that...lol... I want to spend it.
No matter how you pretend... Parents always know when there's something wrong or bothering you..
@BolaBap Bolanle Austen-Peters is bringing art to life in phenomenal ways!! More grease to your elbow Ma'am. The best is yet to come!
So, who won Lagos ?
@Mr_Edgal ha? A year march 22... Was in Abuja for 8 weeks sef, just got back to Lagos... But, I am def coming back soon.
@Mr_Edgal We thank God ooo... Political twitter no let us see road.
@Mr_Edgal Uncle Edgal!!! Are u encouraging sin, I am still single ooo... Lol... How are you bro?
@Miss_Jayla Safe trip love......
My Victoria Secrets goodies just landed...
@Miss_Jayla hahahahahahahahha Babe!!!! Rock it jare lol.. Runs along!
That feeling of feeling like you have messed up so much lately, only God can understand you the way you need.
Awwww! So cute "@Miss_Jayla: @TifeBollz 
I want to attend church so bad today, but I can't... One of those days, you just want to sit somewhere and just listen to the word of God.
Everything is about to change.... If I can handle it, I don't know... But, I have to trust and do what's best for me.
@Olurounbi Tweet at them... Some unfollows are not intentional... You can unfollow anyone in error. Give him the business.

1.Don't have shame..
 
2.Don't ever have any atom of shame. 
 
3.Don't think of having shame…
@tolasol hahahaha....
Wow!!! Solange's business partner was stabbed 10times over a man, allegedly... Gotta stay away from these crazy insecure women though! Chai!
Water retention is of the devil.. Gosh! I hate it..
@Funms Hahhaahhahhahha!!! Awwwww... Relaxer company back in business.
@tokstarr She looks like she just got caught in the act lol..
@NaomiBosslady. Nae Nae!!! Happy Birthday love!!! God is about to surprise you beyond your imagination.. You are a blessed child!!! Have fun
Headache + Fatigue!! The weather is hurting..
When all else fails! Hand it over to God... This is one I know I can't do anything about, but I am trusting in you completely.
Thoughts and prayers going up for good man and his family in this trying time of theirs.... @dikkonwachukwu !
God keep us!!! I plan to attend the WIMBIZ conference this year.
The older generation have a thing for me.. Old people find me so soothing and comforting to talk to and share with. Blessed!
@monicamusonda Sharing your voice on @WhootAfrica would be a real delight and an inspiring one to me and Whoot Africa's readers.
@monicamusonda @WhootAfrica Awwwwwww.... That's a deal... I will look out for you for next time or better still, we can do a written one.
@OSAYIAO Awwwwww... Bless you loads Aunty.
@OSAYIAO Aunty, this is why I absolutely adore you..You are such a beautiful light, you shine bright and everyone else finds their way in it
@monicamusonda is in Lagos, oh what I would give for a 22min audio interview with her for @WhootAfrica !!! Dreams do come true. hopeful!
To think I hated Abuja so much... Now, I get to go back soon. Never underestimate where your blessings can come from.

@2morrowknight @10MillionMiler #wisdom #truth #Inspiration #leadership #quotes 
This bitter politics is absolutely sad!!! Anyone who endorses Ambode is super cool and anyone who does same for Agbaje is a wimp.. I see !!!
Where are the Abuja CEO's on my timeline please cc one..... Many thanks!!! Whoot Africa has something in the works for you guys.
@CSLStockbroking Is Edgar Joseph a myth?... Phone has been out of reach for weeks.
@CSLStockbroking @proshare @ugodre @SimiOlusola @KoloKennethK Hello
@walegates lol.... That picture... Yikes!
@walegates LMAO.... I dey shame for you ooo... Guys still run these days?
Guys! Would you want a girl to tell you she suspects she's knocked up or when she's sure she is?
Some days are good and some days are gut wrenching painful... But, through it all our love and care for loved ones remain constant.
The life of a care giver is no joke, to all those caring for a loved one... May God continue to be your grace and strength..
"@Ju_Ju03: Can't wait for a Holiday!" Can I come along??? Lol.
Bucket list! Visit kuwait
Bucket list.. Hang out and make music with Don Jazzy for a day, share a stage with Onyeka Onwenu to sing One love.
Just asked my dad if he has a football age.. Dude burst out with laughter.. Gosh!!! I love this man.
That moment when you are about to find out just how much you might have messed up.... Chai!!! Please God, I can't afford this ooo.
Getting a business degree has to be the best decision I ever made.... Accountancy would have brought out the worst of me lol...
@ADYK_41 Bought a few, but I sincerely want more. Great investment!
@MsJazzyfied Baby girl!!! You got dm love.. Thanks
@AffiSupaStar hahahahahahhahha.... Lol!!! Sure...We await your response.
@AffiSupaStar Hello Affiong!!! Hope you haven't forgotten us at Whoot Africa.
@ADYK_41 highest trading company in Nigeria right now..
@ADYK_41 807 or so... With dividends of 17.50 per share..
All I want right now... A good amount of Nestle shares...
I had Orijin and was told I said I wanted to throw a party or it was my birthday or something afterwards.. My brother and I laughing over it
Anyone stock Lumberjack shirts in Lagos? Please I need a red one like Asap.. Many thanks.
Inbox from fb friend. Wow! You have been very active on here lately" just saying.. My reply! My last cheque came from here. Sleep well.
@Nobsdaslushhkid Amen ooo... My big boss.
@Nobsdaslushhkid Sure bro!!!! Bless you loads.
@Nobsdaslushhkid Hahaha.... There I was thinking you won't see it.... Lol!!! I admire you loads, keep winning bro!!!!
"Somewhere, a sharp Igbo guy has ordered swimming kits from China. #ProveMeWrong" - I love my Igbo people to bits.
I just want to hang out with Nobel Igwe for a day... Dude has some serious confidence and swag!! I love it....
@j_divaaa @exschoolnerd long hiss.... Sha take justina ... Happy Birthday my crazy lovely J diva.
@exschoolnerd hahaha me troublesome me! You know you have always brought me joy and a good laugh in your unique ways.
Happy Birthday @exschoolnerd !!! In my books, you will always remain that cool and admired young lady... You will do great things babes!!!
“I think its better to try and fail than playing it safe”:15 Questions with the CEO – Debo Adebayo, CEO &amp; Founder,… 
I am so back on the horse.....
My heart goes out to Rob K though... The dangers of fame and being left behind, pray he gets it together and not end up like most do.
Otunba Ojora would have made a fantastic Oba in Lagos.... Just saying!!!
Business Lessons I learnt from Playing Candy Crush Saga by Olushola Pacheco  @CandyCrushSaga 

Business Lessons I learnt from Playing Candy Crush Saga by Olushola Pacheco 
@Nedu64 Yes dear, just settling into Whoot Africa work after 8 weeks away... I will get back to you dear...
@Nedu64 yes I did, just got back to lagos after 8 weeks on a project in abuja.. Just settling into Whoot Africa.
@LizAwoliyi Hello Liz, thank you so much for the follow... Kindly check your DM. Bless you loads.
"When you take front row seat in the maltreatment of others, God will give them amphitheatre sized views to your humiliation in due time"
@jbabba Awwwwww... Bless you sweets! Today has been amazing, kind words and encouraging ones all over.. God is really on my case today.
@jbabba. Thanks JJ mi.. How are you?
I live for moments like this.. My dad is super cheerful today.. God, its all about you here!!! All will be well.
I am all in support of my Igbo brothers.. My mum's sister is Igbo and my cousin is igbo too with a lovely family!! Igbos Rock!
Smile data is freaking expensive.... Swift at home and Smile for the road!!!
I have turned down every meal offer since last night, they are a bit worried abt me lol
@NaomiBosslady she last tweeted 5 days ago... Do you have a contact love?
@NaomiBosslady @LizAwoliyi  Bless... Trying to reach you Liz... An email would be great... Many thanks.. Ff
Anyone please, what's Liz Yemoja's handle... The same one with Genevieve Magazine cc @NaomiBosslady
Interviewing Mr @HerbertOWigwe of @accessbank for Whoot Africa would be a dream come true... Hopeful!!!
This life
Lagos! How have I missed you.. Good to be back
Listening to @TamarBraxtonHer on youtube! No matter the number of rejections! If you keep going your dream will come true. So happy for her
@Miss_Jayla BAE is pretty too....
@Mr_Edgal lubs lol... Hahahhhahhaaa
Straight from the pan to the bin... Never cook when the hunger pangs become unbearable...
E-commerce! Is the item not suppose to indicate out of stock before check out?
@ShopKonga I really don't understand the silence, I click on an item and you only let me know its not available after you have debited me.
@ShopKonga Replied!! I need to order another item.
@ShopKonga I log on via Facebook.. Olushola pacheco
Dear @ShopKonga , one would have thought the item would indicate out of stock before it accepts payment.
Dear @ShopKonga ! You just debited my acct for an out of stock item...
Anyone see the last episode of better call Saul.. Saul's brother is evil. To think there are people like that in life.. Wow!
Yes! While you RT that Oga Jo tweet.. Kindly check the follow up tweet... Sigh!
The power of music... Absolutely powerful!!! Can't wait to get back to Lagos, so many interviews lined up.
Biko! Get your priorities right.. Fighting endlessly on here just makes you look petty and stupid!!!
OGA JO will still collect his presidential benefits till the day he dies, while some be heading out in terrible sun to toil and labour.
Elections are over and some of you are still throwing insults around sha.. Haba!!! Can you guys not live and let live.
Boredom is making me super hungry today..
@Adacampbell Faking orgasm though.. Who person dey fool now lmao!!! That man must have some serious Ego issues to feel the need to do that
@Adacampbell lol.... Goodnight lol...
@Adacampbell Women still fake orgasm? Isn't that too much hard work to pretend..
Nigerians have voted! It cost nothing to peacefully wait for INEC to do its job... Yet, you are going on like an gen powered local blender.
You have a following and considering how things are heating up, you are happily tweeting away like INEC employed u to be their spokesperson
Maky Benson and her son will make any ovary green with envy, you just wanna find a light skinned brother to procreate with. Gorgeous!
@thepseudogeek Thanks dear.
I don't even know how I am feeling anymore... This is the longest I have had a migraine. I can't even cry from the pain. Malaria sucks!
What's a size 7 please? 40 or 41?
Watching Kevin Hart's Get Hard... Laughs for days...
@Ju_Ju03 lol... Coming after you ooo. You are a stunner Juwon, you haven't changed one bit...
Waje's daughter is foineeeeee....
I just dey observe.... 
@CheRox lol... Like I was really shocked though... How quickly the tone changed after I said No
What I realized yesterday! Young or older, men tend to handle rejection from a woman almost the same way!!!
American Crime is too slow for me... Not watching again.
Malaria drugs bring about hallucinations and severe nausea for me.. Extremely tired!!!
Finally had pasta and bolognese sauce I'd been craving for months, sad part I threw up after eating it.. Malaria is just ewwww
@Olurounbi I sure will.
@Olurounbi I will first thing on Monday morning.. I try not to abuse access by calling weekends.
@Olurounbi Will think about it.. Funny enough, I have the number for the communications Director and her assistant.
My Asos delivery vanished in the post.. Asos was kind enough to do a refund and an express delivery of one item. But I still want my order.
@i_have_a_paunch lol.. Onyeka hell is real ooo.
@Olurounbi Will they respond?
Happy Birthday @iaboyeji !! Your best days are still ahead of you.. You still owe me that interview... I should visit Andela soon.
@Olurounbi She hawked fish, obviously if life was great for them she wouldn't have to.
@Olurounbi I know.. This life is just so unfair.. She has crossed my mind all week. Wish there was something one could do for them.
@Olurounbi I don't even care about the publicity.. Just thought about the poor girl and my heart just aches in a million ways.
My Dad and I have the same kind of taste bud!!! My sister on the other hand will murder you with spicy food lol..
I have the taste bud of an akata lady.. I can't stomach any form of chilli at all.... In fact, I can make my stew with only tomatoes lol..
@Olurounbi Just CSR!!! They don't have to.. But, it would mean a great deal. Just thinking out loud. I heard she was really brilliant.
Bbm status left and right blaming Jonathan for everything.. Didn't oga jega say he was good to go?
Card readers are not working here and there, yet some still blame Jonathan for it.. Make una chill now.
FCMB doesn't have to.. But, I have seen them support so many worthy causes. I am sure it would help them a little.
I wish @myfcmb would find the family of that young fish seller killed by stray bullets two weeks ago, and offer them some financial support.
In my books! Waje and Omawumi can never do wrong!!! Classiest ladies ever!! Love them both...
@LolaCuppy @CheRox Lol...I love it... Mama Peace no send.
I don't understand social media anymore, why would you post a picture of your pants stained with blood?.. That's just messy!!
The fact that the card reader isn't working at GEJ's end is not his fault... How about y'all direct your silliness at Jega.
Not everytime Faux-Einstein. Sometimes your true …
@Miss_Jayla Don't mind them... INEC was never ready, today's election na save face.
I need a wash like crazy.. But, I have this thing about folks touching my hair.. I don't let just anybody access to my hair.
@MrsMapSocialyt I need to remember to send you an email dear... How are you?
Those little things though.. You show up to deliver stuff to me without a customs invoice, yet I have to pay custom charges..na wah oo
My biggest fear being away from home just happened... Those crazy mosquitoes finally did it, I have malaria...
"@j_divaaa: Thankful for the Virgin cross that I carry." Rolls by with shades on!!! Jenni baby!!!
Lol at that Last RT... Take sex back??? Must have been really bad sex lol.. Do people even remember bad sex???
Happily a couch potato today... Too much Power in this end of Abuja. I don't even iron my clothes in advance,
Help!!! I can't stop sleeping... Got a few days off.. Tired from too much sleep..
Pasta and bolognese sauce weekend... No garlic bread though.. But hey! Its cool.
@Ju_Ju03 No pilot would attempt take up with anyone standing... Not even the cabin crew...
30 Signs You’re Dating An Insecure Woman

The Real is such a good talk show.. Laughing hard here,
Drumstix food not doing it for me this evening...sigh!!!
May God protect us all... Wow!!! Suicidal pilot.. No oooo. Really sad!
Happy Birthday @akingbayo !!!! May your indomie supply never run dry... Have a fab one to remember.
When a care giver becomes an abuser.. There are no words to describe such betrayal, especially when it involves kids.
I can't sleep.. I feel like my guts have just been ripped out.
There are evil people in this world.. Like real low down dirty evil people..
I wish I did and said something earlier.. When you suspect abuse, please speak up.. Rather wrong than sorry.
Painfully awake!!!!
Thinking out loud!!! One day Funsho Williams will get the justice he deserves..
@edsheeran Dear Ed Sheeran, you need to see this.... Discovered your song from watching this little fella sing. 
Has anyone seen P&amp;G's for every miracle advert??? Yikes!!! My ovaries... I think I teared up for a moment... Looking forward to motherhood.
If Jeremy Clarkson really assaulted his producer, then he's got to go. End of!
Chai!!! This story about Zara's grave is heartbreaking... Like she didn't suffer enough when she was alive..
@nkemifejika @BBCBreaking Jeremy Clarkson is TopGear himself... Good luck finding someone else
Dream come true interviews. I am a blessed child!
How do I check balance on mtn Nigeria please...
@Ms_Hilz Thankful honey
.
Please tune in to AIT's Kakaki at 7am this morning to listen to energy expert Bode Sowumi talks about the PIB.
@Ms_Hilz Been a minute on here... How are you honey?
Just discovered Thinking out loud by Ed Sheeran

I don't care where you come from, your… 
@4eyedmonk Your generosity and unbiased support towards others
No pictures please.... *Haters gonna hate* Lol!!!! 
Just remembered something really upsetting just as I set out to start my day... No room for upset thoughts today.
When you want to speak your peace so bad, but you are scared you will hurt others in the process.. Yes! It hurts when you can't.
Learning so much about Saul!!!! Better call Saul is a fantastic series.
Rob K needs to write a tell all book... Lol!!!
+1 RT @Miss_Jayla #TeamElopeAndSendPicturesToTheFamilyWhatsappGroup
@tolasol They love you for it lol...
@tolasol Hahahahahahaha PDP has the money now lol
I need today to be over like ASAP!!! Felt so poorly I woke up in tears, worst part.. I forgot my bestie's birthday.. Second year in a row.
@TonyOElumelu Goodluck to all the businesspeople whose lives are about to change for the best this week..Happy Birthday in advance Great man
In so much physical pain that tears just seem too easy to express it...
Everywhere that could possibly hurt in my body hurts this morning... But thankful.. 365days of Lagos Living!!! So many testimonies to share.
Craving sugar and EastEnders omnibus so bad I want to cry.... Crazy hormones lately!
@kemiadetiba awwwww.. Thanks for the RT! Time to put my questions together for the boss lady herself...
The joy I feel when something good happens for anyone via Whoot Africa...
I'd like to someday meet Kemi Adetiba... Probably interview her too.
My baby sister is giving me some adult woman conversation this morning.. Love this little lady to heavens and back.
You can't fake being nice for too long!!! People see through it!!!
The kind of woman who will walk alongside another woman who is pulling three bags, and not offer to help with one.. Them kind of women!!
I will never be able to pretend to like someone I don't.... Really hard!!! I can be diplomatic, but pretentious? I can't handle that yet.
There's a big difference between being authoritative and being a bitch... Don't get it mixed up.
I have some super awesome men in my life!!! They are friends who have become brothers, confidants and just awesome people.. I won't trade it
Sometimes you have to tolerate a few mean people around to keep a great friend.... They don't come too often.
There are some friendships that go beyond just friendships... They are people God has put in your life to shape you.. I have one of those
My heart goes out to Bobby Brown.... He is living every parent's worst nightmare right now... Prayers for Bobbi Kristina
It has been real tonight.. Heading home to sleep. I should have had some alchi though....
@HonestToddler honest Toddler is just shameless... Expecting a gift on your friend's birthday..
When a DJ is appealing to your shameless side with his music... I wanna dance so bad!
This Bamboo place is super cool.. Gonna miss Abuja when I leave..
Such a great evening.. Good music with plenty of salad and banana smoothie..
@tolasol I just shed a happy tear... Found Dolmio sauce!!!! *rolls on the floor, pasta style*
Every time I make egg whites, my conscience pricks me at how much egg goes to waste to make it...
Is it wrong of me to be rooting for Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx???
Tweet Empire spoilers and God will judge you oooo ... Yáll please, some of us can't watch until tonight... lol
@TifeBollz Amen oooo...
@TifeBollz You are so beautiful Tife... Chai!!! Na better man go marry you ooo
@WonderAttah @ADYK_41 Thanks for the audience... Can I follow you and take it to DM?
@ADYK_41 @WonderAttah @WonderAttah Hi Wonder attah, sent you an email via your bio contact...
@ADYK_41 @WonderAttah Thanks a million..
@ADYK_41 Low to Mid Level... Need some info urgently...
Mary Jane and Niecey have this lovely relationship.... #BeingMaryJane
@ADYK_41 Haba!!! I know now lol... I just need someone who works there..
Is Coca Cola Nigeria a Myth... How come no one knows anyone that works there...
Chris Brown's baby is such a cutie....Wow!!! super cute... Hope this child makes a difference in his life and makes him calmer.
#Jokes
True what they say about times and seasons... Another major interview coming up on Whoot Africa... Na God ooo...
God bless my ancestors... I didn't know I had this big sister, now she's like an angel I feel like I don't deserve sometimes...
When you top what you have done before.... It is absolutely everything.
@pamboogie Thanks
@frenchvic @BABAmiLEKO @MsAbiye @scarfizal The fact that you are happy with what you have right now, May God provide you with even more
Do you know anyone who works with Coca Cola Nigeria??? Kindly RT... Urgent!
@CocaCola_NG Hello Coke Nigeria, Is there a number I can call to make inquiries regarding customizing coke cans for a good cause?
May your destiny helpers find you... holding back tears, its not even 2pm yet... Lord, I am so thankful
Anyone with info on how to customize coke cans??? Urgent please?
Inspiration Africa: Adiat Disu – Forbes Most Powerful Woman in Africa 
I feel like this too."@NormEnemy: weak bones and body"
I have never looked forward to having a meal like I do right now..
Amen!!!"@ikeamadi: Your testimony shall be, Look what the Lord has done!"
@sunny_hundal He better make his way across the border to stay alive..
I came face to face with my worst nightmare and somehow, I am feeling God's intense warm embrace to keep going..
Through it all! I am reminded of God's unconditional love towards me.. How I made it through still puzzles me till today.
Last couple of weeks has been so emotionally draining for me, dealing with issues from the past.. Old wounds et al. But, I know God's got me
Amen!! "@dikkonwachukwu: I feel something very exciting about to happen. #newbeginning"
This! "@solarpumpin: " The person who makes you happiest is the person who can hurt you the most.""
Can it be morning already... So freaking hungry... This is what happens when you skip a whole day.Gotta that bitter hunger taste in my mouth
Toks is just amazing!!!!! Chai!!! Its not even my birthday yet... I love gifts.
Generator sound keeping moi awake... Not used to a gen being on past 11pm..
@akingbayo found a "how do you like your indomie" video specially for you on instagram thanks to @koye10 videos..
My hopes of getting any meal today just flew out the window.. Oh well! Till tomorrow then. Why did I take my meds chai!!
@KoloKennethK started my year on a great note... God bless you and surprise you this year and beyond.
When God gives to you.....
@Mr_Edgal @Ada_D_Body lmao.... Don't write us off ooo lol
Haters gonna hate! Run along to kneel down and face the wall. "@Mr_Edgal: I'm happy for Glory "@Ada_D_Body: GLORY FUCKING UNITED!!""
The glass clung to a loose thread on my socks, still can't believe how big the glass was.Yet not a single cut! Thankful for little blessings
Felt poorly and thought to sleep it off, somehow I must have tripped the wine glass next to me.. My socks just saved my foot from a cut.
Horrible weekend though.. Feeling crazy poorly.
The worst kind of people are those who see nothing wrong with it, as long as it doesn't affect them.
I need a platform that let's me tranfer money from my acct to another without making me get any special card.. Just my master or visa card
That destination verification thing with online banking sucks... Very detrimental in emergency situations.
Being determined to go all the way is everything, knowing you are chasing your own special passion is everything.
Yet to have a single funny moment watching 30days though.
@JPHazelwood Preach it Janell... 9-5 people are awesome achievers too.
We need to have more business CEO's like @marekchinedu and @markessien. Teaching and mentoring young upcomers.
Nothing beats being friends with doctors or a doctor in the family or circle.. Our Dr Seun rocks.
@cofoundHER Thank you so much for the recognition today.. Means a great deal.
Have a mental picture of where you see yourself; it will motivate you. ~ Olushola Pacheco @sholaWA #cofoundHERquotes 
@tolasol @CheRox Now, I am freaking hungry... I love Pasta!
@tolasol @CheRox Wow!!! I should try it too.
@tolasol @CheRox Do you know how long it takes to get that tomato sauce done... Cries! Almost one year ooo. No dolmio
@CheRox True! I'd give anything for a big box of dolmio sauce with extra chunky mushroom and sun dried tomatoes...
@ToyinSaraki @Nursingworld_Ng God bless you Mrs Saraki for honoring her... The world kind of forgot about her, may her soul continue to RIP
Has anyone seen last night's Grey's anatomy? I love when bad situations turn out for the best.
@TifeBollz Bless you jare... They are messing up Joans legacy!!! Only Joan can say ish and still stand by it without apologies.
@TopeFnR  Hey Tope, Kindly check your dm,,,, Many thanks
@cherox you can either let it load or click download from mobile at the bottom of the video
@CheRox 
How does this Nokia Passion to Empire work? On their website and can't find anything.
I am all about that self love movement... Ain't no one gonna make me feel bad about it.
@kanebi247 You shameless man.... is this a sub for me??? I have told you to chill, I will pay your husband price soon enough.
I sincerely don't understand why Joy Bewaji would tell Dbanj to quit music. u had no clue when he got his vision, who is she to discount it
She has acted crazy for years, but she still needs to be given the benefit of the doubt... Abuse can go on for years while all looks well.
@tokstarr Can't find anything about it on their website...
@CheRox We live in a world where abuse victims are made victims and made to hide in shame... Same thing with Rape!!
@CheRox @borie_nla @Inzaghi1 She could be telling the truth for all we know... Would explain a whole lot about her though.
A little girl lost her life for nothing 
Moments like these, you just want to be around your own true family..
Always good to be able to just talk to God, even for a minute.. God has not given me the spirit of fear, but that of love and a sound mind.
Jolted from sleep with painful flashbacks.. Sigh!!! What an evening.
I love cherry though... I know it said to be an old people thing. Especially served in shots.
Who wants to link me up for a face to face audio interview with @Audu Maikori for @WhootAfrica ? Available from April 5th
Huh? I guess half of London will have to move without one.... Backpacks are a must have!!! Convenience at its best..
I don't know how folks put wine in the fridge sha...room temperature wine is everything.
@opebanjy Going great bro.. so much to tell you, time difference no gree... I will whatsapp you later.
@opebanjy Yay!!! All praises due... Been a minute bro!!! How are you?
@BABAmiLEKO He is on some serious spin doctor advisement
I want cupcakes!!! Guilt free cupcakes....
When your finger rips through your lace delicate's.... Sigh!!! Ladies, you know what I mean.
@DENRELE_EDUN Chai!!! Denrele, I hate you sha.... See how good your body looks in that outfit for AMVCA...lol....
My eyebrows are a mess right now... If you drive by please say hello sha...
@walegates I have seen your gym pictures sha *now runs along*
Held my tongue for months out of respect... Glad I can finally tell it like it truly is.
Just discovered @aishahmad is following me on twitter... Yay!!! I look forward to interviewing someday soon. Phenomenal Women!!!
50 shades of shady!!! Side eye!
@tolasol Lol!!!!
@tolasol Politics aside and the PR bruhahaha Ayedee is good looking.
I am just here to drool over Ayedee... Team PDP though!!!
@CheRox lmao!!! Jingle bell rock.. That's so me.. Singing xmas carols in June..
@i_have_a_paunch Lmao.. Thank you
@MsJazzyfied My baby girl was on TV last night with my future baby daddy.. Proud of you baby!!!
Whitney Houston! The greatest voice that ever lived... To me, she will always be a legend.
BET is gonna make me cry... Back to back songs by Whitney.. I love her so much, plus we are birthday mates. Send your baby back mama
Hungry! But, nothing in sight is appealing to my taste bud tonight.
@kikiomeili Looking hot mamasita....
Can people stop with the Sheyi Shey crap.. Did they miss the part where she performed on stage with that outfit.. Y'all need to get a life.
@CheRox Child Please....... Lol... Phaedra is the queen of shake + well rolled eyes to go with it.
@CheRox Stop attending the church of Phaedra Parks Child... You should be okay...lol..
Why are they boycotting DSTV pls? Channel 1-5 still dey ooo...
I just want heels with 2inches or less... is that too much to ask for?
Whatsapp for web is super cool... I love the security too. You can only sign in using your bar code
When the little girl called @TherealTaraji aka Cookie Lyon grandma... That's some hot grandma though.
I don't even bother anymore these days....
@CSLStockbroking Hahahahahahahahhaa..... Good one though. Keep the questions coming.
@CSLStockbroking Where is my prize for getting it? Is this a no prize Thursday trivia?
@CSLStockbroking @NSEcontact 55years this year


@bashow Well, wait till then...
When the president exchanges pleasantries with you, you know you are about to have a great year... Amazing year so far.
Sleep deprived! But well worth the experience this morning... President GEJ on AIT grounds....
My heart is beating like crazy this morning... President GEJ is live on AIT's Kakaki this morning.. Tune in please.
I just stood 2 inches away from President Goodluck Jonathan.. Surreal moment..
Dear Lord, you still do miracles.... Give Bobbi Kristina another chance at life!!!

Monica Lewinsky needs to have several seats.... TedX talk in march, to say what? Oh well! What do I know?
@tolasol I really try... It was easier in Jand, there was a food section for us... Worst part is, the pain can go from a few hours to days.
Celiac pain is such a bitch... You just never know what will set it off.
@tolasol You certainly will by God's grace... It has to get bigger, that way you won't shy away from sharing with us on @WhootAfrica
@tolasol Many more to come...
@4eyedmonk Uncle Monk.... How far with my email bro?
@Olurounbi I am over 30 ! I won't take crap from anyone when it comes to the issue of marriage and kids.... My life, my rules...
@Olurounbi And a personal choice to ignore what doesn't bring you happiness...
@Olurounbi 
Whatever issues they had.. Some insults are uncalled for, Blossom might not be an A star herself.. But omojuwa went below the belt. Not good
Someone who is getting married next month is mocking someone else's marriage sha. Oh well!
@markessien Not a write up... But you get the drift.
@markessien 
Just reading up on the Omojuwa/Blossom saga.... All I can say is, Na wah...
Every travellers knows you have to make plans for unforeseen circumstances.
Obstructing a plane from moving irrespective of your grievances is a crime.. That passenger should be arrested.
My broken crayons will COLOUR!!!
@4eyedmonk chai! 7 years me? Isn't the standard 15-25 years?
@kanebi247 lol...
@kanebi247 Play ke! You get house, source of income too lol... Which kind ludo be that?
@kanebi247 hahahahah... I guess we are meeting them next week then lol.. Check your inbox for interview questions
@kanebi247 When are you taking me home to them now? Haba Kanebi.
Doctors on here, any quick enemy boost meals for iron deficiency anaemia please? Thanks
@koye10 will not kill person with his Instagram videos... Dude is crazy funny.
I just want plenty of soft damask materials.... Darisall...
Every finish line is the beginning of a new journey. 
@marekchinedu @hotelsng Marek... Lol... You are so mean lol....
My small beginnings will add up to greatness soon... By God's grace.
Every time I get a yes to my interview request, I say a big thank you to God... I don't have to struggle too much for interviews now.
If you tweet Empire spoilers, you will not make heaven ooo.... *runs along*
Ladies of the red light district in London sha.... Wow!!! For which area ba?
Folic acid messing up my system this morning... On my third pack of mini chin chin.
Hot flashes this morning... Cries!!! So freaking annoying.
@CheRox Bless whoever she is, may those shoes take her to bigger places.. Too many assholes on this twitter.
Better call Saul is a great idea... A bit slow, but sure worth it.
@DONJAZZY  @ShopKonga  This would make a big difference for me... Many thanks in advance bro #Konga 
@CheRox Yah boo money can't finish oooo....
@DONJAZZY is really on fire today oooo....
@DONJAZZY @ShopKonga  #Konga 
@Zitera  It has a pink single flower
@Zitera Period Tracker from the android store
I am loving the period tracking app... Best thing for women ever.
@Sunmbo @WhootAfrica Sent you a DM Ma'am... Many Thanks!
@Sunmbo Hello Ma'am, how are you? I'd like to interview you for @WhootAfrica about your work at Esob Events &amp; your entrepreneurship journey
@CheRox Love is in the air.............
@Sunmbo Hello Ma'am, how are you? I'd like to interview you for Whoot Africa about your work with Esob Events &amp;your entrepreneurship journey
Lagos has this craziness it leaves you with, when you are out of it... You miss it like crazy...
@AffiSupaStar Many Thanks...
@AffiSupaStar Hello Affiong, Sent you an email earlier today... Thanks
@CSLStockbroking Nunu #StocksMeetsSocial #CSLInvest
@CSLStockbroking Nunu
Adele is a Boss!!!! Topping the charts and earning money, even with her clothes on.
In so much physical pain right now +plus migraine.. Hunger pangs and with no appetite... All I want is a bed and a warm bottle.
Nick Gordon though... Bobby Brown will always be Bobbi Kristina's father, no matter how many times he sees her annually.
People like Heshan de Silva will continue to give me hope and optimism about being the best I can be...
"When you are desperate to shine and make others look bad... It is only a matter of time before you begin to look and sound desperate"
Ladies and Gentlemen!!! This Friday, young power woman and businessperson @AdiatDisu shares with us on @WhootAfrica ... Excited much!!
@Adiree @WhootAfrica Seen! Many thanks... I should email back before the end of the day...
What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas....
@Miss_Jayla Crown it all with a great day and week...
@SapphireChic hahahahhahahahha.... Na me know wetin I think reach there oooo...
My Boo! RT @exschoolnerd Show me ur boo and I'll tell you who you are 
God is still in the business of miracles.... I pray it happens for Bobbi Kristina Brown.
Please email me your brands a little summary to go with it... New batches on Whoot Africa soon info@whootafrica.com
@kanebi247 Thank goodness you know...
@kanebi247 Hahahhahahahaha.... You still owe me that drink sha. Lmao!
@kanebi247 @WhootAfrica Awwwwwww..... I want to start making money like you ooo...
@CheRox True, blackmailers never get tired...
12 interviews to prepare, 4 down , 8 to go.... @WhootAfrica
Lost my appetite two days in a row now... Yesterday it was say confam, today its coffee...
Please read your emails out loud before you send them. ask yourself; do I sound condescending, bossy or polite before u hit the send button
@thepseudogeek Hey Tolu... Sent you email. Many Thanks.
@blazeotokpa Oya inbox it.... I will call you later... I think I am ready for that Abuja baby things lmao.... #extremewash
@blazeotokpa So, why don't I have that other number... Your cheating ways sha! I don't know I still do this to myself?
@blazeotokpa Thought about you yesterday morning, but your number has been forwarded to a million other numbers... hmmmmm!
I thank God everyday for @SapphireChic .... One good person in your corner is everything...
Those days when I would cry listening to Vashawn Mitchell's Turning around for me and wonder if God ever loved me... Now, I know HE DID.
When you fat shame people, you knock them down and set them back...If you are not a one on one buddy, butt out of their lives...
@walegates Go home, mama Ayomide dey cook pass that one.... No go disgrace her for party lol.... I feel you
I am fighting really hard not to go into a shell... The feeling is overwhelming, I have music playing but nothing seems to help..
Attn: Young Professionals &amp; Final Year Students, Kickstart your career in the Design Industry 
Channeling my inner Igbo woman today.. Let's just say, you say confam after every sip..
"@tolasol: There's light and it's so difficult to go out... #ekodisco see what you have caused?" Lol!!!
@CheRox Awwwwww!!! #TheGodinYou
@Oluwakaponeski When you beat abi fight mama tobi how you no go hungry... Better go and make up with her, before them snatch her from you.
@iaboyeji awwww... You are doing amazing.
@Lavernecox is so beautiful... Her figure is everything...#OITNB
@ASOS_HeretoHelp Sent! Thanks.
@ASOS_HeretoHelp Ordered some shoes and they are yet to be delivered.. Kindly help.
@CheRox Showoff... *runs along*
@NaomiCampbell is a Boss!!!! She totally got me at what is BAE on Empire.. Love this woman to bits... Love or Hate her, she's talented.
To all the women who feel like Meredith felt this week.. You are loved, appreciated and hope you feel better. #supermoms #greysanatomy
When I bite my tongue, rather than address your BS.... We are really done or you just won't matter anymore from that point.
Kanye should have put that she's from Philly, yáll don't want this problem pic on his wall.... Amber will come for him real good lol..
Attention: You have 9 days to complete your #TEEP application. Let us know if you need help. Begin here 
You know God is on the throne and your sins are plenty when @KoloKennethK agrees to marry you after valentine..
@KoloKennethK Now screen grabbing oooo... You no go deny me ooo "*cue the music! yemi alade, see me see trouble, you go marry me ooo*
@KoloKennethK Lol... You wan marry wife abi????
@KoloKennethK I dey fall in love quick... I fit go pack my load dey come your house after am... I no trust myself lol...
@KoloKennethK 85mins too tey for me... You no fit blame me oooo...
@KoloKennethK I prayed for rain in ABJ today... God answer me small sha..
@walegates Like these folks are not capable of carrying it out themselves in order to stir the pot...
Years down the line Breezy is still suffering the consequences of one wrong decision... Ray J probably thought about the woman beater label
I don't know why folks are laughing at Ray J... If he had fought back, would we be saying the same thing?
Omo Jati jati lol RT @HonestToddler "I'm not your maid." Obviously. You would have been fired months ago....
@je_mc2 I thought about this yesterday too... Just like Diet Chef UK...
@Oluwakaponeski Lmao!!! Mama tobi raised you better than this lol...
@CSLStockbroking Can you share a contact number real quick, have a few questions... The number in the email is out of reach
@CSLStockbroking Hopefully, I get a reply this time...
@CSLStockbroking Email resent... Thanks
"@walegates: "@sholaWA: Being polite is everything...."&lt;&lt; Shut up!" &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt; this is everything LOL ....Lol...
@walegates Lmao..... Haba!!! Na god dey take care of pickins now... *now runs along*
@walegates You will born plenty childrens lmao...
Being polite is everything....
I am suffering from too much power out here @Olurounbi .... In fact, I pray for them to take it from time to time.
Come judgement day, team follow back will hear it from God... You stupid child, so much potential wasted on KFB... Now, move to hell asap.
I wake up, join traffic, get to my destination, work, join traffic and then bed... Cries!!! This is not the life ooo...
@bubusn Bless you loads... More women need to hear and learn this...
@KoloKennethK Long hiss... Chop alone!!! lol.... Thank you.
Let home at 7am this morning, got to my destination at 9.30... Abuja traffic is crazy!!! Plus the sun that comes up at 7am.. Sigh!
@KoloKennethK Oya send me some...
Don't talk to me in a boss around tone. Especially, if I don't know you &amp; you are asking me to do something I should be doing in my own time
Don't talk to me in a boss around tone. Especially, if I don't know you  you are asking me to do something I should be doing in my own time
Guess who got engaged over the weekend? Congrats girl @teeteelayo ... All the best with your new journey.
Amber needs to let go and let Black Chyna fight her own battles... The underage dating is a future story for KUWTK when storylines run dry.
@etisalat_9ja Dear Etisalat Nigeria, I have all evening to wait ooo. Your CS put me on hold for 10mins now rather than deal with my query.
Baba say non partisan from now on... Lmao!!! Baba go announce him new party before Friday...
@ALVAfemale Okay... Thanks..
For those who order from Asos direct to Nigeria, do they deliver to your houses or one has to pop into the nearest post office?
@4eyedmonk Fantastic....
@EstherIjewere Aunty mi... cough cough.... Tree no dey here ooo
Elders with no integrity....
@kikiomeili Hahahahahahahaha... The Untouchables... They stan like crazy!!!
"@4eyedmonk: The Yoruba's have kept a strangle hold on the Nigerian oil industry for years." But, I never collect my oil well ooo.
"@4eyedmonk: Monday needs to baff quick quick “@tokstarr: I smell Monday”" Lol!!!
@EstherIjewere She will get nothing from me ever again.. That's pure evil. May we have good in laws..
Spare a thought for an insecure woman today... Life must really suck with such level of paranoia and insecurity...
@sholly_pizzle2 Thanks
I just shed a tear watching The Notebook for the first time... Dementia is such a painful disease..
@sholly_pizzle2 any messenger contacts or recommendations?
Please I need a logistics company that can do a pick up of a mobile phone from Festac to Ikoyi in Lagos?
Watching how to get away with murder for the second time... Analise Keaton is a Boss.
You got to respect me enough to understand we don't share the same taste in men.... #justsaying
@Nobsdaslushhkid lmao! Chai...
Lmao RT @HeshdeSilva "Roses are red, violets are blue. If he's busy on Valentine's day - the side chick is you".
@MMWithNimi For now, my sister (F)... To be updated as soon as the status changes #MoneyMattersWithNimi #ValentinesDay #GiveAway
@exschoolnerd Awwwww....
@exschoolnerd Chai! Laide.... Lmao!!! I feel you, this weather is crazy hot...
As you plan to spend money on Valentine tomorrow, please remember a young man who is not asking for too much. Check @mzseaun Timeline please
@MissArewa @mzseaun Paypal out here only lets us make payments out and not receive.... western union pays into accts too.
Hey guys please head over to @mzseaun 's timeline and help save a soul... nothing is too small..... Every little helps..
I cried while watching this week's Grey's Anatomy....
That picture of North West crying spoke volumes... Chai!! No friends in showbiz ...
@reminola God bless you... Biko let her go, before she becomes a danger to you and yours.
@AffiSupaStar @mypaga straight? I don't have to get any special cards ?
@reminola Yay!!! Congratulation... 2015 is a great year for you.
Has anyone stumbled across Koye's Instagram page?. He's got some funny videos...
@CSLStockbroking Kindly follow back for a DM.
@CSLStockbroking Many Thanks.. Email from Olushola Pacheco
@reminola Yay! Packs bag! Can I come along?
My response to her, why are you mad? You just weren't as close as you thought you guys were... You overestimated your relationship.
Someone here is vexed someone she had been talking to for months suddenly called to say she had a baby...
@4eyedmonk Baba's fence sitting no be small thing.
Stir up not my love...
@CSLStockbroking Emailed your platform over a week ago, yet to get a reply or acknowledgement.
Na wah ooo. These cool tech kids, make una invite us for social media week too now... Haba!
Please check out @KoloKennethK 's handle for more job openings.
#Fo…
When I tell folks I have never bought a phone in my life, they think I am exaggerating.. A BB just came in as a gift again, back on bb.
I know I have been fronting sha... but, feel free to spoil me on 
My CEO's in the pastry business, I will, by the grace of God be interviewing you all from afar... I promise not to visit...Lol..
Ladies, Pls join @WIMBIZ If u want to do business and be influenced by a circle of achieving women whose business records speaks for itself
Bobby Kristina Brown needs to wake up... The outpouring of love is absolutely amazing, praying this too shall pass.
@BABAmiLEKO The owner of the message dey get am lol...
@BABAmiLEKO Yes now... Gotta pray for them...
Don't try to chat me up if you are married please... Don't disrespect your wife and I please... God bless you.
@4eyedmonk I no see shola too ooo.
Why my old man stick decides to be tortured constantly by GTB beats my imagination.... It is one problem after the other.
@gtbank  Really! An acct I have been spending money to before now... Its cool.. Thanks for nothing.
@gtbank I don't use your bank, I need to transfer money but acct cannot be verified by gtb hence I can't make my transfer.
@gtbank Really disappointed, your bank always has destination verification issues.. Money can't be transfered cos acct can't be verified.
@4eyedmonk That's fab!!! He will go far, hope the right people sign him on...
@4eyedmonk He's super talented.... Just needs coaching to work on the ego as displayed on the series.
Help guys... Need a courier company that can pick up a parcel from festac to ikoyi... Urgent please.
Read my interview with Goke Balogun of @SOFRESHMARKETNG on @WhootAfrica 
Please gossip to Nigerian journos sometimes. We look stupid when a foreigner knows our …
#FolorunsoA…
#Folor…
They could care less about registering for on line banking... I have paid more charges for them I never get back..
My siblings use me to save money they don't want to spend.. Chai! Looking at money you can't spend is freaking annoying.
Has anyone seen Better call Saul yet? Is it any good?
I just want to be successful and be able to do everything I have always wanted to do...
@tokstarr hahahHahaha.... Make sure you enjoy your valentine jare...
Please check out my interview with Goke Balogun, CEO of So Fresh Neighbourhood Market tomorrow on @WhootAfrica
Team no boo no dey win sha... Valentine is back on.... Sigh!!! Jesus is a boo to the booless...
Wow!!! Business opportunity... Condoms now sell for 100k Nigerian naira in Venezuela.... Their population is about to grow like crazy...
@TJOKaro Biko free me... Lmao..
And then he mentions his age for emphasis sake.... I should have settled down when I had the chance... Sigh!! Na uncle e for call my husband
@TheBlackHermit I love this one.... I need to find alcohol for this one..lol
@CheRox Lmao!!!!  Na so I sidon, bite my tongue... Cos I have a few choice British slangs to send him to bed with...
@TJOKaro Sigh!!! You should be alright... lol... Happy Sunday..
30mins youtube video with 6 ads.... Sigh!!!
She deserves a real good push gift..RT @lindaikeji Photos: Florida mom sets record with 14 pound baby boy 
Little boys with over inflated egos running around looking for attention... Sigh!! My hips should tell you my age... spoilt brats..
Abeg someone find me an appropriate meme for when your younger brother's age mate is trying to give you a lecture...
@ShopKonga Shop Konga, Kindly follow back for DM... Got a complain..
I need really nice shoes with 2 inches or less... I can't with heels higher than than... Plan on giving out some of my never worn ones soon.
Jlo's boy next door... Bladdy weist of time " chigurl voice"
@kunle_jinadu Jaramall delivered it sha lol..
@CheRox Time to buy 4WD then... Shey if to say Whoot Africa don't blow now, we for send you one ochara one on Monday.
My father will give a million reasons with this lekki wahala, on why we need to let him be with his love for festac...
@i_have_a_paunch Falls off chair... Hell is real ooo
Is Orijin alcoholic? Looking at the bottle here...
@JesseOguns out of Lagos at the moment.. Enjoy!
@JesseOguns hahaha. Better go and visit mummy today lol..
@TifeBollz I agree. Toll gate of almost 4years now...
@TifeBollz This is how they start unnecessary wahala... Toll gate of how many years now.
If ur mind is made up abt ur candidate of choice, you shouldn't really fuzz abt the election date. Just keep that PVC like a winning ticket
May water not be turned off on the day you have running stomach... Sigh!
@teeteelayo Be safe please... We still have drinks to share this year sha.
Some of you are talking and acting like you want violence. You can't be talking about moving forward and asking for trouble at the same time
#lifehacks
Really hoping for a miracle for Bobbi Kristina, too many leeches already eyeing that inheritance.
Woke up this morning to You were loved by Whitney and something in me just said... You gotta send Bobbi Kristina back, Whitney.. A Miracle!
@markessien I think they have ways of covering them these days...

Me: How many bottles of whiskey can your good exposure bu…
I really want to meet Chigurl...
Happy Birthday @chalya101 !!!!! Here's to an even greater year.. May you celebrate many more in good health and God's guidance.
Shonda Rhimes and that April Kepner storyline though... Can't we have happy moments.
@Ju_Ju03 My dear, issues of the heart require caution. Relationships are complex enough. I will scold my girl in private, but ratting? Nah!
When someone shares their life with me, I take it as a privilege to be shared with.. Not because they don't have anyone else to talk to.
@Ju_Ju03 I take girl code seriously.My girl comes first, no matter what she has done wrong.Her boyfriend finding out will never come from me
How drunk can you be to cause rift between a couple because you decided to betray your friends confidence to her husband?
I take private conversations dearly... If you tell me in private, it stays there... Sad! Folks don't respect privacy anymore.
A few agriculture business interviews in the works for me, you have to give GEJ his credit for the agric sector. 
Really impressive!..Akinwumi Adesina is running for the President of the African Development Bank... Really commendable. I hope he wins...
Listening to love fm this morning... These guys want to kill me with laughter.
We need a celebration of life for Mr Biggs to mark our childhood memories, after which we can shut them down.
You will not walk into someone's house without being polite... Stop sending me PR's without polite introductions.

Great!
@walegates Gotta teach them early abt life and all that stuff. That's why we have messed grown ups moving around life looking for acceptance
@walegates Her close friends only... You will never be friends with everyone, that's how life works.
Listening to Whitney and my heart just feels all mushy... How can such a talent be cut short and now Bobbi Kristina.
When you go around pretending to be who you are not, soon enough your own true identity becomes a stranger to you.
@KoloKennethK May the good Lord be with you lol.... Bad pickin..
@KoloKennethK joker lol... Keep at it!
@KoloKennethK Na wah ooo... These your tweets for daylight sha... lol
@BABAmiLEKO I feel more for Cissy.... 2 generations gone like that...
@walegates Awwwwwwww.... Bless!! She's grown really fast.... Wale 2002 ke???
Why is @WordPress not accepting Paypal payment from Nigeria?
I can't even lie, I love Nobel Igwe from afar... Dude has that, don't love me don't care attitude... I love it.
I don't want ''Falentine flowers'' ... Nestle shares will do...
@CheRox I plan to go with my Dad sometime this year.... Same surname things lol... Single ladies haff suffered...
@CheRox So true, assumptions without stating what they really want.
@CheRox Lol... Wharris dis... Getting to knowships/xxx in hopes of upgradeships... Falls off chair in laughter.
@AffiSupaStar Same here! Children take proper planning ooo..... Not planning to put any child through what we went through..God help me!
@AffiSupaStar Lmao....
Guys! Look out for Adiat Disu @AdiatDisu .Amazing things are about to be taken out the oven... Look out for her interview with @WhootAfrica

#CE…
I am super proud of @kanebi247 and his company @ToolboxNigLtd . A few estates now on their service management list.You go bro!! More to come
I personally know @YouWinNigeria winners who have gone on to become business successes.. It would be great to have it continue..
There is still time to apply for the @YouWinNigeria , as the deadline has been extended to Feb 13 2015 
@Chykere Awwwww. Thanks a million for your kind words. I wish your cousin nothing but the best.
@Forbes @forbesafrica @alakijaofficial @MfonobongNsehe 
Working in a standard office today... So my laptop is sleeping pretty in my bag, I don't save stuff on other people's computers..
That painful moment when you can't screen grab TEEP's google adsense banner running on your website... Real honour!!!
Do you know how it feels when someone promises to help you get stuff, and then you ask someone else not to bother.. Only for them to mess up
Four more years for President Goodluck Jonathan... Nollywood Endorses GEJ!      
@blazeotokpa Caro na winch ooo
@blazeotokpa Better tell them senior girlfriend is in town... Tell should go home, till further notice...
@blazeotokpa hahahahahha...

-Aristotle
Heartless Monsters they are.." @lindaikeji Lagosians watch &amp; take pics as abandoned baby dies by roadside 
@blazeotokpa I don't ooo... All I see is you... Blaze ashewo temi ni kan tan, husband to the husbandless...Lmao
@NYFA I hope someday soon, I get to attend your school too.
@NYFA Thank you New York Film Academy for sharing my post on Ujuaku Akukwe across your social media platforms. Really humbled !!!!
For the first time in 9months, I am spending time on my own... I miss my gist partner!
So, this is the famous Drumstix..
@AyoNaledi @Miss_Jayla Any man who respects a woman, would happily honour her dad by letting the wedding hold in his wife's church.
@AyoNaledi @Miss_Jayla They are better off without each other. If a place of worship can tear them apart, then their won't work.
Yes Sir! "@HerbertOWigwe: Friends, there is no better benefit in life than in making your money work for you.Happy New Month. #TakeTomorrow"
Fav for Prison Break 
No! Bobbi kristina found unconscious in bathtub... No! Hope she pulls through.
"@MfonobongNsehe: January, you've been beautiful. Thank you." This!
10,000 reasons will always be that song for me... God has truly been amazing.
Gov Fashola has mama Tobi's go and marry look cc @Oluwakaponeski lol 
@SimiOlusola A mail. When? Yet to get any..
Ngbo 85 mins brother, I hear say you don't comot for market? Na true? Cc @SimiOlusola
Physical shopping over ecommerce any day... #awaitingdeliverymode
Throwing insults around for people whose gates will be locked to you after Feb 14. You can debate without acting like retards.
Your leaders despite political affiliations still meet for tea and show up at parties together, yet some folks on here  are acting a mess.
@ShopKonga You deliver on Saturdays too. Got my last delivery on a Saturday, any chance of getting it today?
@ShopKonga Thanks
Your curtains are the same and10times the price on Argos... Okay! Sigh! Yet we don't patronise our own.
Dear @ShopKonga ! Can you kindly verify this order for me please R200232713
I'd give anything for some Nestlé Foods shares...
When you complain about your old man watching too much CNN, and then he switches to the Discovery Channel. Even worse!
@ineffablewaters You know! Never too late for pancakes
@MallforAfrica Do you allow shopping on superdrug. Com?
Is it too late for pancakes?
@iretyogo Awwwwwww. Sleep tight love. Hugs xoxo
What God has done for me and mine this week.. I can't even describe it with words. Put your trust in God, he is never late, always on time.
@BABAmiLEKO Life is not always about winning... He came to her level when he dropped his pants.Look at Eudoxie and them look at the babymama
Raising the break baby full time won't be so easy emotionally though...
Taking that child at this point just won't work, unless they plan to let the nannies raise her...
If I was Eudoxie, I would get Luda and his lawyers to work out something cheaper in upkeep money and let her Tameka keep the baby.
Shonda night... Yay!
@snakeman65 @ujuakum She is amazing right? Ujuaku Akukwe is just one great woman I am happy to have in my corner.
So much to tell you... Hopefully next week. @CheRox ... Hope your week is going great.
@IfeanyiAbraham go soon tire for me lol... God bless you mightily bro.
Jan's edition of the networking event starts in 5mins..Pls visit www. Yapande .com to learn more abt them and hopefully attend the next one
Funke Shonekan is the founder of YAP&amp; E. A networking platform for young professionals and entrepreneurs.
I met Funke Shonekan on Tuesday and I was speechless, I learnt so much from her abt the power of networking and knowing who you are.
I complained about the harmattan like crazy, now I really want it back... Dad says I am annoyingly typical human with my complains..lol
Sigh!
This Lagos heat will make one miss the snow like crazy...
Old people, they try to fix everything... Even when they know its due for a change.
Every time I see children being maltreated out here, I just wanna go all out to fight. Underage kids as domestic staff is all kinds of wrong
@Reclvse @JesseOguns Thank you.
Dear @JesseOguns ! How so I close background running apps on infinix hot?
Painfully craving broccoli and pork chops... Sigh!
Ise omo aseje, owo omo a she la.
When Beyonce's best thing I never had comes on... I sing that song like I got my own 50k arena.
Next Steps: Whoot Africa’s CEO’s – Ujuaku Akukwe attends New York Film Academy. 
I should have gotten more. I have to settle for his nasco flakes while he hides my two boxes of fruit &amp;fibre. Reel fruit is amazeballs too
Dad is used to his local corn flakes... Got him kelloggs Fruit and fibre from @SOFRESHMARKETNG yesterday.. That box is abt to go missing lol
@EstaMorenikeji @SOFRESHMARKETNG A couple! Goke Balogun and his lovely wife...
@EstaMorenikeji @SOFRESHMARKETNG You should meet him... He has such an inspiring story.
@SOFRESHMARKETNG Thank you so much.... I look forward to coming back.
2015 sha and folks still want to be all 2001 with your progress... Nah!! keep it stepping bro...Ain't nobody got time for that..
Amazing how they see you doing good and they rolling up on your website everyday... Yet, they would rather tear down than appreciate..
I need a MEME for when the older brother of that EX whose name you can't even remember again, is rolling around your crib and talking crap.
Thanks for visiting Whoot Africa..Massive thank you for reading my interviews. I am super excited to take the next steps with God on my side
Register to attend the YAP&amp; E networking programme happening on the 29th of January.. Visit www. yapande .com to register. Thank me later
Do you want to network and hopefully move your career to the next level, or an entrepreneur hoping to meet other business people?
Cashless Lagos is working for me so far... No POS not working so far.
Really sad! Ecommerce still doesn't have next day delivery options.
Spoke to Goke Balogun the guy behind @SOFRESHMARKETNG ! Amazing what the power of determination and perseverance can get you.
Whoot Africa is really connecting me to great and inspirational people... Learning so much everyday
Met someone really inspirational today... Please check out www. yapande. com .. Such a great day I have had..
Thank you so much for my free smoothie @SOFRESHMARKETNG ... @AffiSupaStar about to try my first @ReelFruit .. Yay!
Cries! An hour early for my meeting... I need to stop overestimating traffic in Lagos.
So many white folks where I am right now... Feels London all over again.. Yay! No white boys here though.. My favs
"@CheRox: Why do bad waxes happen to good people?.<CRYING FACE><CRYING FACE>" lol... Not to late for epilators lol..
These streets sha! Where folks hate you for being pretty.
People just walk into your life and keep you up at night with so much joy, you are too excited to sleep. Jesus Igwe!
May your destiny helpers locate you . Super thankful to God!
I miss my 3310 Nokia BlackBerry.. Touch screen is not for me at all, at all. Sigh!
Anyone know how to get to kofo abayomi from cms?
@teracarissa Go Tera!!!!
Awesome January! Blessed by an awesome God.
@GOtvNg Dear go TV , can you kindly sort out my acct. Made payments and I am yet to be reconnected. I have sent the reset message too
John Kerry is so good looking
Woke up with itchy hands... Hmmmm
Anyone with Android Infinix hot on Etisalat.. Kindly share how to configure. Nothing seems to be working even with proxy set.
Super proud of me... Olushola of 7 years ago would have sent her to bed in tears for the next one year.
Don't let anyone bring their negativity into your space. I will sleep well tonight knowing I didn't add to her misery.
Like it took everything in me not to hit her well below the belt, had to tell myself that my happiness is worth a whole lot more.
Someone that used to be in my world sent me an awful mail today, rather curse her out, I replied politely, prayed and then blocked her.
God surely answers prayers, genuine heartfelt ones.
The day God created Lola Maja and Elaine Edozien Shobanjo, even God must have smiled after creating them. Both women are damn fineeeeeee
2015 is about positive things for me!!! Moving on!!!
You are responsible for your actions and decisions.. Try to drag others into your mess is absolutely wrong.
@CheRox Helllo dear... How's your weekend coming along? Did you get to read my email yet?
Got a great feeling in my spirit... God is turning things around in my favour.
Eternal gratitude belongs to God!
Don't enslave people with your good deeds, after so many thank you's... They shouldn't have to be eternally grateful.
@walegates Plane spotting is way cooler than trains..
"@exschoolnerd: <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
I would have happily given him money, but for the way he spoke to my dad, I was like HELL NO!!!
Cont: for marina and waited patiently for me to handle my business at Marina.. Nonsense..
Cont; that's how you treat people who look like they have nothing to offer you and told him to keep it stepping.. Papa wey just buy me film
He looked at my dad condescendingly, and said no, not you..  Then went on to ask me for money! I looked at him from head to toe
This guy in a suit was trying to ask me for money while I was out with my dad last Friday..He tried to stop me, so my dad stopped too.
NW - American Sniper..
Lol @ Last RT
I will be nice to a fault, till you mess with my old man.. I will take you to the dry cleaners with bleach sef!!!
@MrsMapSocialyt You have to share your experience in writing... Awesome stuff!!!
@MrsMapSocialyt Hating on you Lebogang!!! *cries*... WEF fun and stories!!!
“When you help others they often help you. Success breeds success – Funke Shonekan, CEO, Funkey Events and… 
So much focus on spousal abuse and child abuse, how about children who abuse their parent??? How do these parents get help?
Sometimes we live a lot, sometimes we live a little.. But we got nothing but love for each other #Dare2pair #CupidGames
We know vals day will be on the poll lines.. But hey!!! Election won't stop our Cupid Games!#Dare2Pair  #CupidGames  
I refuse to apologize for my blessings this year..
"@pamboogie: This year, I'm going to smile and smile a lot. Nothing will take my joy. I'm a Jesus baby." Chop knuckle!! Pow! Pow!! This!!
Stop dulling in her direct messages!!! Play Cupid Games 2015. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames  
Join OBO @iam_Davido and @Yemialadee for the big countdown to Cupid Games 2015!!! You don't want to miss a beat.  
@GbemiPhillips Happy New Year Gbemi... Good to see you on here, it has been a minute..
If music be the food of love, play on... Cupid and his arrow playing the Cupid Games 2015 #Dare2Pair #CupidGames  
We play love's games in Cupid Games 2015!! Big reveal coming soon #Dare2Pair #CupidGames visit  
Isn't Yemi Alade super gorgeous??? Look out for the big reveal #Dare2Pair #CupidGames  
Don't be afraid to express your love.. Even Terry G understands to need to pass me your love #CupidGames #Dare2Pair  
We dare you to get closer this valentine, off course with your PVC too #Dare2Pair #CupidGames 
She no wan designer, she no wan Ferrari, she say na my love. All na Cupid game #CupidGames #Dare2Pair 
I love, love.. I love fairytales and hearts melting !!! Big reveal coming soon. #CupidGames #Dare2Pair  
She no wan designer, she no wan Ferrari, she say na my love ooo. Na lie!! All na Cupid game #CupidGames  #Dare2Pair  
I asked him this! He smiles, and goes all the way french with me #Dare2Pair #CupidGames  

Gorgeous peeps join @yemialadee @iam_Davido for the #countdown   #cupidgames #dare2pair

#cupidgames #dare2pair #countdown.

 :Anticipate Cupid games… 
This has to be emotional abuse in the highest order..
Life is hard dealing with someone who is doing nothing with his/her life, and is hell bent on making sure everyone else is miserable.
Yasmin Belo-Osagie share, Co-founder of @SheLeadsAfrica with us on @WhootAfrica . 
“It’s important to make sure you don’t give people a reason to question why you’re at the…  
Inspiration Africa: “It’s important to make sure you don’t give people a reason to question why you’re at the… 
@NaomiBosslady Bless you loads honey!
You can't win with people.
Cold calling people to go pick up PVC's is wrong.. Those who want to vote will pick it up by all means,,
No man is an island... Share life with those you love and those who sincerely make you happy. #dare2pair #CupidGames  
When you are self employed, every penny helps like Tesco sha... lol
What would you do for love? #dare2pair #CupidGames 
The big reveal is almost here  #dare2pair #CupidGames  
"@4eyedmonk: I failed Junior WAEC maths. Go ahead, call me unbrilliant." Olodo!!! Lol!!!
Your parents still have a house; why move in with your married sister and her husband, when your folks like 20mins away??? Oh well!
I appreciate my blackberry like crazy now... These android phones are just too damn big for me to hold.
Read our interview with Yasmin Belo-Osagie, Co-Founder of She Leads Africa @SheLeadsAfrica on @WhootAfrica tomorrow.. More interviews 2015!!
Read our interview with Yasmin Belo-Osagie, Co-Founder of She Leads Africa on @WhootAfrica tomorrow.. More interviews 2015!!
@TunjiAndrews Ooops... Looks like first bank it is...
February 14 can't come soon enough....
@TunjiAndrews it just showed!!! Trying to register now.. Thanks! I think FCMB allows it too.
Does Paypal still operate in Nigeria? Tried to register, there is no option for Nigeria in the list of countries.
Don't sit around waiting for perfect things to happen, when you can step out to make a difference #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
"@HonestToddler: Sorry I'm just going through a lot right now. Mostly teething." Stop lying!!! That grandma line of excuse won't work for us
Having integrity and pride is very commendable.. But, that other kind of pride is dangerous.
If you need help! Please ask for it.. The worst is a No.. Don't suffer in silence as a result of pride..
Pride has to be the most dangerous thing ever.. Pride will keep you suffering in silence, when you can ask for help.
Anyone know Kunbi Oyelese of April by Kunbi personally? Kindly introduce us. We would love love to interview her for Whoot Africa Kindly RT
Those who use paypal in Nigeria, do you get charged extra for using paypal..Like the change cost banks charge when you use your card on asos
@JesseOguns Moves along! I work from home... Restricted data allowance will kill me.
@JesseOguns Which one is home plan? Can it be used all day?
@JesseOguns Which company 6k for 20gb
@JesseOguns Lol...lai lai my WiFi cost 7k for 14 gig lol
Funke Shonekan is doing amazing works to inspire young people for greater works..
Make your heels and your standards higher.. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
They want to see just far you will go... Make the show worth their while, do you and be happy. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Hey Mr Talker! Put an end to the wishing and many many talks. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Don't assume love! Observe and dare to ask. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If you love someone, walk up to them today and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Oya! Oya! For love's sake, chop liver and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Truly grateful.. So many dream interviews coming true.
@JesseOguns What network and how much is 6GB?
How much do I need to load on my Infinix hot to use data every month @JesseOguns ..
Smile and the world smiles back... A smile breaks the awkward ice #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Up your P-setting game with #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If you had one day to express love to someone, who will it be? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Don't let anyone treat you like white rice, when you are indeed firewood cooked Jollof rice lol..Yes ooo! #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
How far would you go for the ones you love??? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Wake up! Show up and be the best!!!! Turn up....#Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Dear God! We hand over Nigeria into your hands.. There shall be peace in Nigeria by your grace.
@blazeotokpa Blaze leave me ooo..
Nigeria will know peace and joy!!!
There shall be peace in Nigeria in Jesus name...
I love it when PHCN interrupts the power just at the right time. The father has gone to bed lol...*mean child grin* He will get enough sleep
@EECO2015 @Charesslander US?
@NaomiBosslady Got a minute? check your dm...
@BABAmiLEKO Yes!!!!  She's also working that dark skin beauty thing lol..
Kandi Burruss is one smart business woman..Has anyone noticed how none of the drama involves her? She's also expanding her biz like crazy
@BABAmiLEKO Real housewives is not doing her any good.. If it wasn't for the check sha.
@BABAmiLEKO Lupita has good handlers... She has attracted the attention of the relevant movers and shakers of the industry.
@BABAmiLEKO She's like that pretty woman no man wants to be with... I feel for her though..
It is very possible Lupita doesn't know who Kenya Moore is, I didn't know who she was until I started watching RHOA!!!
Nothing keeps me in check like the fear of Karma.. I have a motion picture memory of each day when I sleep at night..doing bad is out of it.
"@iretyogo: Thankful for my mother-in-law...God has indeed blessed me..." Biggest gift ever...
@reminola Happy Birthday dear!!! Your laughter will never cease in Jesus name.. Have a great one!!!
@Ju_Ju03 Thanks for this!!!
He's going about his handsome younger days...
I jokingly told my dad that marrying my mom was a good decision.. I can't imagine looking like his people.. He rolled his eyes and laughed.
@CheRox Awwwwww!!!! Bless!
Introduce a business owner to be interviewed - email me: olusholapacheco@whootafrica.com
We set out to do a number of interviews this year.. Introduce a business owner you'd like me to interview this year.. Email me

Take the stage when you &amp; only you dec…
Walk like the runway is yours and yours alone!!! The world is your oyster. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
#dare2pair and play the #CupidGames ! Add some fun into your life.
I have an amazing story of a woman of substance who #dare2pair #CupidGames ... Story coming soon!
Happy birthday Mama Tobi aka @Oluwakaponeski . Thanks for bringing us plenty of laughter. #dare2pair #CupidGames
@Olurounbi Don't have a link, its on CNN.
Has anyone seen the video of the cop singing along to Taylor Swift? Absolutely adorable!
Wondering what the fuzz is about? Big reveal coming soon. #dare2pair #CupidGames
Make up your mind, go after it and win #dare2pair #CupidGames
Make today a great one! Keep your happiness in mind and #dare2pair #CupidGames
@teeteelayo Thank you so much..
Can someone translate troublemaker to Igbo for me please?
I took on too much today... Feeling blue!!!
He said hello baby.... She flashed a smile and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Dare to pair big reveal coming soon! #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
What would you do? What lengths would you go to, to achieve your dreams? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
"@je_mc2: If you don't have PVC, don't retweet me again. Thank you." Like Really!!! Wow!
Monday blues weighing you down? Call a friend! Dare to be with someone who makes you laugh. #dare2pair #CupidGames
@Ms_Hilz FCMB!!!
@kikiomeili Lol!
@markessien Hahhaahahha!!!
“Success cannot be determined by your first outing.”: 15 Questions with the CEO – Temitayo Eyitayo, CEO &amp; Creative… 
@kikiomeili Good you called them out on it. Many would have looked at it as an opportunity at PR and looked away..
@kikiomeili My thoughts exactly!!! Interviews should be audio recorded with a copy forwarded to you for your records.. Keep shining!!!
@kikiomeili Good one! Burning midnight candles in med school in Nigeria no be joke.. To call a MD a drop out is disrespectful.
About to upload my interview with Temitayo Eyitayo of 24 Apparel!!! Really brilliant and humble dude..
@SWIFT4Glte I have done that severally... 167067. Kindly change the name on the acct and not just number. I sent you my documents 3xs
Move away from by the negativity team today and dare to pair with the positive team.Like is too short for negativity #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
You have to be bold... Oya, for love's sake, chop liver and dare to pair. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
@SWIFT4Glte dear swift! What would it take to change the name on my swift acct? I sent documents, please do the needful. Not just changed No
Want to hear a cool story? Pick a partner, grab your seats and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
What would you give to live your dreams of happy? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Stop complaining about cold in this season for two. Just #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Do away with your LASTMA Badge today. Stop wishing and start chasing This 2015, #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Are you on a crushing roll..? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
"@KoloKennethK: Atleast you can then #Dare2Pair "@sholaWA: Time for Cynthia to go.."" Yassss!!!
Time for Cynthia to go..
"@exschoolnerd: So many fine beautiful people in this world "blushing" Thank you!!!
"@teracarissa: Attacks have an expiration date."
May God rest the soul of Muna Obiekwe if the reports are true!!!
Self righteous people are the absolute worst!!! Take a break from your self righteousness, its Sunday please.
"@Miss_Jayla: @blazeotokpa bia, free to skype?" Logs on to skype lol..
@Oluwakaponeski Bless you too. May your creative juices keep flowing..
Don't you just wish you can use mama Tobi's "you are a Bastard baby" in real life..... Nah!  Lol comedy at its best.
@Oluwakaponeski I am a big fan bro! Thanks for making us laugh.... My dad loves your videos.
Are you a fan of mama tobi on Instagram? She's about to go to jail to prove her love for tobi lol @Oluwakaponeski #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
What extent would you go, to show someone how much you care? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames check out @Oluwakaponeski 's video on instagram
Stop worshiping her DM, while she's waiting for you to ask her out. I challenge you to #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Do away with your LASTMA Badge today. This 2015, #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Come a little closer and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
You don't have to make showing love a once in a year affair.. Spoil your loved one today. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Stop guessing! Stop assuming! For love's sake, be bold in communicating what you want.#Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If someone makes you happy! Don't be afraid to be happy, you deserve it. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
You have take bold steps in chasing what you want and need. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames ! Look out for the big reveal.
I have an amazing story of a woman of substance, who dared to take her dreams into her own hands #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Hey Mr Talker! Put an end to the wishes and crushing, take 2015 by the horn and #dare2pair #CupidGames
What is the most embarrassing thing you have done for love sake? Would you do it again? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If you had one day to express your feelings to someone, who will it be? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Would you genuinely date your single boss? Office romance? Yay or Nah? #Dare2Pair  #CupidGames
I get creative after playing Candy Crush lol.
Moving on with love in the air! I have an amazing story of a Woman of substance who #Dare2Pair #CupidGames .. Big reveal coming soon
Sometimes these contacts say no, but I have to be diplomatic about it and still try to help out.... Pls get a life!!
I will happily share contacts, but please don't ask for it like I owe it to you to share. End of!
Sunday! The day we ignore trolls.
@MsJazzyfied They Just set a new record for Nigerian Box Office.. Super proud of AY!!!
@MsJazzyfied almost a 1million dollars.. Wow!!!
@reminola Entrepreneurs applying for TEEP were asked the same.. You have to provide links of your pages..
@reminola I requested for an interview recently, and I was told to chill until they check out my social media accounts lol..
@reminola 85 percent of my interview connects came from Social media.. These people have also taken the time out to introduce me to others.
What does expressing love mean to you? Especially, to that one person who matters most? #dare2pair #CupidGames
This!! "@reminola: Be careful of insulting people on social media. Some of you have insulted away opportunities."
Anyone sell affordable shoes with tiny heels.. 2" or less?
Imagine living your fair tale love story!!! Take bold steps and Set- P today lol.. #dare2pair #CupidGames
Craving broccoli and Ribs like crazy!!! Chai!
Need to unlock level 51 of candy crush... Sigh!
@Charesslander Awwwwww! Time to try #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
@Charesslander When you ask a girl out, what do you usually expect? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
@Charesslander Look Out for the big reveal #Dare2Pair #CupidGames .. We should tell you more then..
When was the last time you walked up to someone you liked and told him/her how you felt? 2015 is here, go get it. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Watch out for the surprise #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
*covers face* This is my third time watching Phone Swap!!! Wale Ojo's facial expressions nailed it.. Super crushing..
When you don't want P-setting they will be thirsty in your dm.. "Let's take P-setting to another level  in the open. #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If you had one day to express love to someone, who would it be? #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
@JesseOguns Thanks!!! Bless you loads.
@JesseOguns I don't understand please?
I have an amazing story of a woman of substance who #Dare2Pair #CupidGames ! Look out for the big reveal.. Coming soon!
Let's take it out of the DM's! Hey Talker, let's put an end to the wishes and crushing. Let's talk love in the open #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
If you had one day to express love to someone, who will it be? *sits quietly and waiting for love* #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
I have no PVC! But, I plan to have fun on Vals day. Oya, for love's sake, chop Liver and set P with me ooo #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
Y'all need to know - if you love someone, walk up to them today and #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
I woke up this morning and thought hmmm. I want to take P-setting to another level #Dare2Pair #CupidGames
@JesseOguns How do I transfer my phone contacts from my blackberry to Infinix Hot?
"@Miss_Jayla: #TeamOmawumi" all the way!!!
Had a great day today.. Lord, I am truly grateful!
Saw Phone Swap today.. Bye Bye crush on Mr M, now I am loving Akin Cole lol.. I was smiling like a fool!! I love Love! Nothing beats Love!
Anyone know the handle for Sunbo Ajaba the events planner?
Gotta like Yoruba mothers!!! "Don't you dare roll your eyes at me" while on a phone call with their child lol..
God save the Queen is a beautiful anthem....
May God be with the traders and shop owners at Marina.. Another fire today again.
@KoloKennethK Done!
@CheRox Thank you so much.. Awwww! Blushing!!! My Dad said, are you gossiping about me to your friend? Lol!!!
@KoloKennethK Email received.. Just got home now.. Will mail you back in 5..
Bought the Phone Swap dvd today.. Looking forward to watching it..
@KoloKennethK Huh!!! You want to hack my email ke??? I think say na marry you wan marry me before lol..
Yay!!! Met @CheRox today after following for almost 2years on here!!! Love! Love your hair.. Super excited meeting you earlier.. Bless!!!
That Konga ad with Nkem Owoh is absolutely fab!!! Lol!!!
Yikes! The roads are free this morning... The senior boyfriend and I are at least an hour early for our appointments this morning..
Heading out with my No1 bobo since the 1980s... Dear Lord! Please make it a great day.
Whitney's You were loved playing in my head... Greatest artist ever!!!
Sally Field just reminds me of Brothers and Sisters... Thursday nights on More4 channel.
Mrs Doubtfire showing on eTV Africa... Awwww! God rest his soul.
Told Blaze I wanted kIlishi.. Then it dawn on me, I fit go eat Kilishi wake up after 10years with 6 children.. Lol!!! @blazeotokpa
Dr Tony Elumelu - He left the ladder standing, so others can climb too. This man is blessed beyond words!!!
@BABAmiLEKO I don't understand it though.. Really strange to me though!!! Sad!!!
I just think it is simple courtesy to know the name of the person I just spoke to.. Oh well! What do I know? Learning everyday!
Innocent question! Why do receptionist tell you not to worry about their name when you call an office? White folks don't do this though
Happy Anniversary @tokstarr !!! Keep shining!!!
@StanbicIBTC #TriviaThursday Holes
Lupita has a right to decide who she takes a pic with!!! Simple! Two movies or not!
@JVTWILLIE @JPHazelwood @BCWNetwork #ResetYourCareer #bossmoves
For someone who barely associates with people, people seem to know him... Even kids are greeting him on this early morn walk.
Lol @ last RT..
My sister left bbm and whatsapp.. Gosh I need to talk! That kind of conversation that only flows with typing.
They have PG movies!!! We need CG status too!!! Children Guidance... Can't be watching these scenes with the parents seated here.
I want an old model car with pimp my ride features.... Random!
Attn: Business Pioneers – Join the Tony Elumelu Foundation Entrepreneurship Programme as a Mentor 
Super Chuffed!!! There will be more interviews on Whoot Africa this year.. Excited to share!!
Apply Now To The Hello-Tomorrow Global Challenge, Win €100,000 
Entrepreneurs: Dr Tony Elumelu shares his best books on Entrepreneurship for 2015 
@Martola231 Thanks Kunle! Happy New Year.
Dear Entrepreneurs! Please take advantage of seed funding by Youwin and TEEP by the @TonyElumeluFDN !!! You just never know..
@MsJazzyfied Someday soon! I will join your list of growing clients... Mad respect and super proud of you...
@GbengaGOLD Egbon Gbenga! Go and eat ooo lol..
Sauces sha!"@GbengaGOLD: Sauces tell me someone was given N4m to pay to local TV stations in Osun to air the PDP rally live. "
Who wants to introduce me to Denrele Edun???
God has a way of bringing the circle around to disgrace jerks.. *wink*
This baba aint loyal!!! Lmao!!!
@4eyedmonk I am 1/4th fulani! Mine is very believable sha... I am am almost split image of the Fulani woman.
Relationships are the catalyst for success.
People do business with those they like and trust.
Serve as a resource, help others succeed.
To all the amazing people in my life right now... May God continue to bless you guys abundantly.
I am Testimony!!! End of!!! God has been good to me, you can't even imagine....
Any one watch Mama Tobi videos on Instagram? Hahaha!! He/she is such a typical African mother..
None shall be barren in the land...
@CheRox As much as I support the best of African brands, I will not condone insensitivity.
@CheRox Well! I gave them a piece and ask they unsubscribe me from their mailing list.. That was really low!!! Like! WTF!!
@CheRox Kaymu
Victims of the Balogun Market fire can upload their products on your website to sell.. How low!!! Shame on you!!
Trying to use Balogun Market Fire for PR!!! Like! Isn't the fire still burning???
A company just sent a PR to say they were supporting victims of Balogun Market fire... I hit the delete button like fast! How cheap of them.
@CheRox Thanks a million.
@TolulopePopoola You go girl! Congrats.. Bless!
I really tried! Feeling poorly on a Monday has to be the worst feeling. I need this harmattan to end like ASAP! Taking it easy today.
@CheRox Hey dear! Please don't forget the email.. Thanks a million.
@Olurounbi Yes! @iretyogo sent me some make-up courtesy of L'oreal Nigeria lol..
@toluogunlesi Gradual Renovation Ambassadors!!! GRA!!!
After watching way too many episodes of American greed, I tend to think of Hedge Fund Managers as Ponzi schemers.. Lol!!!
@JesseOguns my passport and phone.
Be flexible and open minded! Put God first! Do your best, and watch God surprise you.
There is nothing you can do about it.. Some people don't believe the peak can accommodate more people. Get over it quick and keep climbing.
You have to remember who you are!!! This is a Critical success factor.
Think about every time you walked away graciously from a turn down, something bigger always lurks around the corner.
The most valuable lesson - The fact that someone doesn't help you up the ladder, doesn't make them bad people. Just the wrong ones.
Omo buruku! "@HonestToddler: Toddler Tip: Feeling ignored? Turn important documents into garbage. #YouAreLoved"
I can't deal with this harmattan anymore!!! When does it go away pls? *cries*
"@iaboyeji: Hard guy but you never cross 3mb" Huh? People cross 3MB? To where please? Lol..
Can it be Feb 15 already...
A marriage is going through a patch and some are already packed up to move in.. Long hiss!
Chicks these days be rolling around with no shame! Some of you have that "when they break up" suitcase packed already.
Every where irritates! Please can this harmattan be over... My skin hurts! Breathing is dry and annoying... I just can't anymore.
@BABAmiLEKO lol... Don't worry! After your Eko Atlantic ordeal.. We no fit judge you ooo. Random memory lol! 2years now.
@BABAmiLEKO it must be that stereotype vibe jare..
@BABAmiLEKO Not sure how I feel about Empire just yet..
Lol!! "@ofilispeaks: Ofili Dies And The Delta State Governor Is Very Angry 
@Olurounbi Hahahahahha!!! Forgot I logged on to the other acct lol..
Got mine today and the loan phone is well packed and waiting for pick up from Google.. The little things that make a difference.
When the right person recommends you based on trust! Don't mess it up!!! I got a phone to help with my interviews because of @Olurounbi
@CheRox ! God will surprise you for good in 2015...
@ShopKonga Una do me well ooo.. Got my package today.. The delivery guy was so professional and helpful.
@teeteelayo Amen sis! Amen ooo.
Looking forward to sharing @WhootAfrica 's interview with Jasmine Belo-Osagie and Afua Osei, both Co-founders of @sheleadsafrica ...
One day soon! The rewards will match my efforts.. 7interviews put together today! I have a migraine and the urge to cry.
2015! Folks asking you to guess who they are on Whatsapp! Bye Felicia...
@AdiatDisu The email address returns with an undelivered mailer-daemon.
@AdiatDisu Hi Adiat, Sent the email as promised. Kindly check your spam email too. Email sent from Olushola Pacheco. Many thanks!
@lindaikeji as long as you allow both parties to run ads.. Fair playing ground.. Nothing wrong oo!!
@lindaikeji is asking if she should take political ads! Do you still run adverts? Biko collect your money.. Na till 2019 again ooo lol..
"@TJOKaro: Now that this young man can read it gets harder to deceive him." Lmao!!!
@nikkytheminx I dey Kampe!!! How's my sweetie pie?

It's important to ask, what happened 

Youths who are no better than …
@TunjiAndrews in the words of Gen IBB! They all have a price except Gani Fawehinmi.. When they make noise, they want something.

I laugh when I see how blinded you all get to the sins of your paymasters

There's no need forming activist…
My Dad looked me in the eye, seriously &amp; asked me to please return CNN if I took it off cable lmao. When your parents think you r tech savvy
@JesseOguns awon olodo..
@JesseOguns Blackberry
@JesseOguns Rather admitting an error with charges, they will tell bold faced lies so as not to refund you. Morons!
@JesseOguns Yes! I have at least 1050MB left..
Etisalat NG! You guys get worse by the day.. I am now charged for using basic applications.. Their CS can't even lie convincingly anymore
The number of emails I get with CVs of folks looking for jobs is absolutely gut-wrenching. I started dropping CVs in 2014 and I won't stop.
When I meet people! I realize God didn't link me up for me alone. Every time I go out of my way for others, God surprises me in big ways.
@Ju_Ju03 Add a girl to the mix lol.. Bless her! May she live long to see them achieve greatness.
@IfeanyiAbraham Kindly check your dm.. Thanks
I don't have the PVC! Was unable to register after trying for days.. But, I will make sure my dad and siblings vote.
INEC has no respect for personal data!!! Boards still left unattended with people's details on them.
@Ms_Hilz one road no enter market! Beauty specialist plus realtor... Lol! 2015...
Lmao! My last RT.. Y'all are so wrong for this..
*Lets see how it goes* if this phrase is used in agreements without the whole negotiations upfront.. 80/100 you will be screwed over.
The thrill of assembling furniture!!
@CheRox Way better wood, I agree.. Delivery is still an issue out here.. Hard describing what you want + incompetent artisans.
@CheRox We shouldn't, but we do..
@IfeanyiAbraham Thanks Ifeanyi! Fingers crossed!!!
Who will bring IKEA to Nigeria please? God bless you in advance.
Dear Amazon and Ebay!!! I took you both for granted!!! I miss you guys like crazy...
@ShopKonga Ok! Thanks.. It will be impossible for one to plan one's week.. With an order that has no exact day of delivery..
@ShopKonga Hi Success! R763855309. I'd like to know the likely delivery day, so I can plan.
God's word says Ask! Go with confidence in God and ask for what you need.
@ShopKonga Hi Konga! I need to confirm the status of an order. Tried your contact number, no luck.
@ADYK_41 Konga's number doesn't go through and I get charged at every attempt. Sigh!
God blessed me specially with my baby sister.... I named her funmi when I was 5plus and she brings me nothing but Joy.
@CheRox Oooops! Uche! Huh! Swear word! *runs along* lol..
@nikkytheminx Team Kayleb! We don't have time for angry people ooo.. *sips milk* lol..
I loathe bullies!!!! End of! Respect people's space and boundaries. It makes the world a better place.
'Some' Nigerians have no respect for boundaries.. When I tell you No, pushing me to change my mind is the easiest way to disrespect avenue.
Throw back 2014! This nosy, no boundaries chick trying to give me a lecture on giving.. Living with White folks has its perks!! No means no.
@ADYK_41 Thanks Yinka!
Anyone with contact number for Konga?
When you go around breaking trust and stealing people's ideas, how soon before you run out of something to steal
Spread Media has nominated as the Entrepreneurship Writer of The Year at... 
@CheRox Her karma will come at supplier rate and heavy too.
Massive Thank you to Google Nigeria.... I will miss this phone.
This is really sad! CNN'a coverage of the paris attack..
You got to play the cards life deals you... If it doesn't deal you any, then you bluff..
@TJOKaro I am just tired of it..
Religion has to be the worst thing that happened to the world!! How do you kill in the name of God..
@AdiatDisu Thanks! I will send you an email latest tomorrow morning.. Thanks a million for the opportunity.
There is so much corruption that to deal with it.. Na talk small about am, get there and show them pepper.
Said Pa Awolowo and MKO Abiola! He should have kept mum on this one. "@lindaikeji: I will send corrupt Nigerians to Kirikiri - Gen Buhari "
Love or Hate Toke Makinwa! You have to respect her hustle...
@walegates They have a channel on cable!!! Kannywood is massive..
@ZanyFran Bless.... Plenty of reasons to smile in 2015 coming your way.
@ZanyFran If only you know how happy this tweet makes me feel.... Bless!!!
Cries... I have political banners on my website..... Cries!!! Google Adsense ko ni da fun yin ooo...How do I stay neutral now?
@myaccessbank Yay!!! I won... Thanks.... Kindly follow back for the number...
@myaccessbank #TuesdayTeaser! The Library
@JesseOguns Thanks a great deal...
I hope I don't regret it.. I sign up for almost everything with facebook..
@JesseOguns Thanks! I use audio recording apps for it..
@JesseOguns Can you download Instagram too?
Samsung Galaxy Ace 3 or Infinix Hot | X507 | Black ?  cc @JesseOguns ... I need it for audio recordings.... Also play store
@FemiJACOBS Those with the jets have good access... Hahahahhaha!!! Most don't even show up to apply for visas..
Those who question people's motives, usually have questionable motives themselves....
Shola Kuti thought me selflessness in 2014! He said just give and help people where you can, and watch God show up for you like crazy.
You can't go wrong trusting God!!!! This much I know..
I am this close to printing my own share a coke bottle @CocaCola_NG !!! Haba! Coca cola Nigeria! Where is my own bottle?
