Atleast its raining.
My poor little sweet cutie.
Dug him up. Boxed him and buried him under a massive rock in the park.
Cried so much my voice is hoarse and my head hurts. Taurus had him buried in our yard. No box. Kaya would have gotten to him.
Like a true narcissist, Taurus blames the dog.
I loved you, little guy. 
I had told him to keep them separate locked in the bedroom. I cant stop crying.
I cant stop crying.
Taurus let the puppy kill my cuddle buddy.
This whole shpeal started because of this. 
Ill just sit over here.. Knowing i did my best, knowing i made choices i thought were for the best.
I am too hard on myself.
Shouldn't judge myself so harshly.
Every mothers day, a portrayal of the expected perfect mother is idolised.
Especially in the situation im currently in.

Now i have perspective. Its easier for me to see through the abuse and know it for what it is.
I needed that in order to heal. Without those experiences, being alone with my thoughts i may never have healed.
I also remember the freedom of the road. Being capable of relaxing, talking to myself, crying, and laughing when i needed it.
I remember the pain of leaving them, being upset about the things going on here.. Being extremely worried and having nightmares.
I feel like i need to be extremely hard on myself in order to be honest with myself. In order for truth to be exposed.
I am too hard on myself. I did want to be with my kids.. But not with my husband.
I feel judgement for leaving my children, being away. For taking time to heal.
I feel guilt for wanting to travel, not wanting to be here.
You may be able to deceive others but you cannot deceive yourself.
Our own perception of being judged is merely our conscience holding up a mirror.
When your true motives are selfish, or selfless, that's where the judgement lies.
Often when we feel judgement, it is not others who can make us feel that way, But only ourselves.
So much resentment now.
So much disgust.
I just wish this part of my journey were behind me.
This is the pain i felt. This is the joy. This is the hatred i poured out. This is the love i am trying to rebuild with.
The significance of the eagle feathers i received. The rocks i gathered. The pictures i took.
This is how and why.
This is where and when.
So very many things have happened.
I wish i could remember and note. Say.. this point here is where i grew in this way.
Some weird thing i remember... During that fight we were out on our deck.
Crow cawed at midnight.
I wasnt the best for my children when i left them.
But i think i am better for them now.
I atleast can see my faults.
Tries so hard to be the perfect child.
I worry. Understands why i left. We talked about it.. remembers me crying.
Good about talking things out. Knew how to read before went to school. I taught. Is getting a super secret school award on monday.
Have to poke tickle and prod all day to find out someone said some thing that was upsetting.
The other is a virgo. Amazingly smart. Funny. Neat. Caring. Understanding. Kind. But grumps over the smallest things and keeps it inside.
If only i could stop dad from throwing toys and sweets instead of resolving emotional issues.
But can be incredibly amazingly charming and sweet. Highly creative. Wonderful, deep, and caring.
My kids changed while i was away. One is a scorpio. Spoiled, materialistic, stubborn when knows im right, and lacks empathy.
I am an Aries. An intj. I have a quick temper and a strictness about me. I need to soften in some places but harden in others.
Now i get people looking at me like i am a horrible mother.
Hed work 12 hour shifts and the thing hed want to do the most is drink monster and sit in front of the computer. Not be with the kids.
Mothers day is always very stressful for me.
This is turning into a rant. I dont like it.
And now he might win custody on Monday all because i cant afford an attorney because hes keeping all funds away from me.
2012 i had to barter sex with him for him to take care of his own children so i could be alone to cry.
2014 i said i wanted a divorce and now all he wants is the children. Not because he actually wants them.. But because it hurts me.
2013 i was trying to convince taurus he would be the better parent.. And hed always say no.. That i was better than anything he had been.
With all of taurus' faults.. For a long time i thought i had lost my ability to be a good mother to them and he would be better.
So i left.
I had kinda..but not what everyone had thought... With my ptsd.
It truly is a waking hell and i sympathize with anyone going through it.
But yeah. In the end on the surface, i left them.
With the cover of horrifically selfish objectives.
Everyone had thought i had gone insane.
@OpenEyesTo im trying.. Trying to remember it all. Trying to be real. Be truthful with myself. Ugly parts are ugly but the good outweighed.
What I Hate About Taurus // Alyssa Sharpe: 

I swear taurus has built in mental/economic abuse.
Getting off track.. =/
So now hes got the job of his dreams with his pretty new certifications.
Even though i was never unfaithful to him up until that point and we had been married.. It wasnt until recently hes called them our children
In exchange for me getting my job away and him *having* to take care of *my* children. Hed get his networking and computer certifications.
I needed a cover because my husband has the aforementioned attributes.
But those were vastly outweighed by the other reasons.

Wanting to travel was a cover for the other reasons.
I wanted to see the united states.
I love to travel.

I needed a job i would love so that i was assured to stick with it.
There were other reasons i left, too.
More superficial and selfish.

I really didnt know if i would or could ever heal.
I dont regret leaving them.

It was the right thing to do for them and for me.
I have disrupted my childrens childhood.
I wasnt there for them for almost two years.

If i had been, i think i would have disrupted it more
You cant love others unless you love yourself.
You cant care for others if you need to care for yourself.
Got over and healed my ptsd.
Healed my minor skin disease
Had revelations about psychology, philosophy, and love.
Tried to get an attorney.
I needed space and time.
So i got a job that did that.
.
So i left them in the middle of the night after a huge fight with my husband. They were staying at their grandmas at the time.
@Soulburn5 *the herpes.. Not the love.. Stupid mercury.
If i had i wouldnt have wanted to expose my children to one anyway.
I didnt know about womens shelters. Rather, I had known about them but didnt know what mental abuse was.. Didnt know it was an option.
I thought I had herpes. This should have been avoided.. I had wanted to know what real love was.
Turns out it was a minor skin disease.
I had discovered my husband was mentally abusive and sexually manipulative.
I didnt know what that was at the time.. I knew it was wrong
Try explaining to a five year old why you cant play with them right now because you have to lock yourself in your room to cry really hard.
I had late onset ptsd. Was a big part.
Was going through recurring memories pushing their way into my mind when i was alone caring for them.
It was the hardest thing I've ever done.
Tomorrow is mothers day. I always feel conflicted during this time.

I left my kids during the night one day for a multitude of reasons.

Nope. Amidst many faceplants and kitten burps, can wins the battle. 
We might have a fighter willing to head back in the ring.. But the other is out for the count.
Can of organic catfood
Vs
3 kittens

Current score

Can 2
Kittens 1
This had to happen with mars in gemini directly across from saturn during a mercury retrograde... Didnt it. Just my luck.
I have a hearing on Monday to discuss why i dont have an attorney and why i haven't paid my guardian ad litem.
Idea for a book title..
Jobs we love and husbands we dont.
A story of awakening.
@AlyssaSharpe <THUMBS UP SIGN><HEAVY BLACK HEART> she'll come around eventually. 
I have enough grey hairs to be 50, though.
<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
Taurus turned 40 at some point, too.

*does the im-not-40-yet dance* 
@AlyssaSharpe she's probably resentful because you're split up and she wants the children to have a stable family life.
@AlyssaSharpe happened with my second, too. Will mostly come off through milk.. I wouldn't worry about it. Just eat healthy lots.
The fluffiest kitten went home with my dad.
@AlyssaSharpe they grow up so fast. Watch for leo attention jealousy with the new baby. Love and hugs. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>
@AlyssaSharpe omg hes so adorable!! Gah! <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
Reposted from a friend.

Amazing story. <HEAVY BLACK HEART> 
@nadiyashah no microphone is a wonderful idea. Sounds fine.
And this one is the a playful side kick teammate who follows the little rascal around. 
This one is my snuggle buddy. 
This one is sweet and fluffly, eats alot and looks worried all the time. 
Soo this one is a little rascal escape artist dare devil. 
Woke up.. And this little one used all its gumption to get out of the basket just to snuggle beside me... *squee* 
Happy Caturday.
Buarharhar. 
Wouldn't go over well with the puppy and all though. Isis loves them.. Very good auntie kitty.
I cant deny I'm thinking of keeping a flufferball and naming her Shiva. #catladystarterkit
Kittens got a ride home.. Shelter ill give them to tomorrow is a no kill shelter. Hoping they arent wormy.
#Snugglefest 2015. 
I would love to run my own nonprofit.
Not entirely giving up on it, but setting it on a shelf until i think people might be more receptive.
Dream job doesn't start until June. I've exhausted every resource for board members. Maybe ill be able to do something with this new thing.
Too much keeyoot send halp. 
Behold! Teh mytee feralz kitteh. 
Theyre reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeaaaly cute.
Havnt seen momma yet.
Called the local shelter. Said they will take them. Will make a post also and see if anyone wants them.
Litter of feral kittens in the rockpile at the park.
13 hours again.


Just about says it all.
@TaraHarlow @ichbindaswalros @SarahAnneDroid @Txrebel05 @BloodedtheBrave thanks, leo. <YELLOW HEART>
Im sure Hilary will do pr work to cover for it.. But i can still see her eyes and they dont change.
Someone like Audrey Hepburn or Eleanor Roosevelt needs to be the first female president. Not Hilary
Btw i am not a Hilary fan. There is something wrong with her eyes. Theyre hollow and empty and id be scared if she were president.
Women arent allowed to fight for credit for their work. Its seen as grasping and devious.
And i sit back because im too nice to make waves.. Noone would believe me, misconstrue my motives, and i dont want credit sometimes anyway.
Especially for me where i get all of the credit for my work and ideas taken from me, people look at me like im incapable and stupid.
But actually work your way to the top and be recognized for your talent, dedication, and abilities? No. Never happen.
Unless of course your current boss is like tony stark and he miraculously decides to gift you the company because hes in love with you.
There really are only certain things women are allowed to do.. Being in charge and making decisions isn't one of them.
My hopelessness is my darkness i suppose.
My own built in self defense mechanism that weeds out those who only want the sun and no rain.
Cant even do humanitarian work for the un or other agencies without your own coworkers sexually assaulting you.
Guys sit back and enjoy women being in the workplace but only as secretaries never as equals. Get labelled a lesbian or frigid if you are.
There is a barrier that tells women its fine to try, but no.
Seriously, though.. Its great to get enthusiastic about a career or goals.. But you have to be realistic.
Looking back, i think i just labelled myself a hopeless romantic.

Ah jeez. I hate labels. Lol.
@ichbindaswalros i hope you are doing ok.
@ichbindaswalros thanks leo. <HEAVY BLACK HEART> same to you.<GLOWING STAR> dont know how a day can start off so well and get so bad.. It happens alot though.
I have no time left. No attorney and no money to pay my fees. Have a landslide case against my husband if theyd let me talk.
My dad talked to me and helped some just by being there.
Helping my not-quite-sister-in-law whos feeling down as well, helps too.
No matter what life throws at you, its only to grow you and make you stronger. Life doesn't give you anything you cant handle.
And i think isis has worms. Somehow.? She doesnt even has fleas..
My daughter is sick and i might have to take tomorrow off which isnt even an option at this point.
Have a feeling if i ask them to switch again they really arent going to be happy.
Work has me scheduled monday but i have appointments. Just had to switch a bunch of things around so i could interview with my dream job.
Need to learn to shoulder this better.
Hopelessness is a side effect of depression, stress, and anxiety.

6 people are gone now.
Lot of stress from work and home.
I just got told no by my last hope for an attorney. Im a little upset.
@NebuloveHippie good on you.. But i have loans and lawyer fees.
If the opportunities arent there, and you cant make them, and noone will help you.. What are you supposed to do?
Theres definitely no hope for women with venus in Pisces. Romantics are a dying breed.
Theres no hope for women who are powerful aries midhaeven and leo rising. Theres no hope for women with intelligent, scorpio moons.
And now i dont even get to see my kids anyway because i work too much or have too many issues that need dealt with.
So im trying my best to get a job of my dreams hoping beyond the odds that 40 years from now i might be told im too old to be ceo.
I need two jobs because noone pays a living wage.
I cant get an education because i need to focus my time on making money to support my children.
I cant become a leader in any type of business without an education or experience and noone will hire you without it.
I cant do anything but bash myself off of windows. Noone will join my board. Without backing i cant do anything.
Oh so im to take that as im supposed to get up and get moving... Did you miss the last 6 months?
... Men say they're soo discriminated against.. What?? I cant hear you from this far down the corporate ladder.
.. In ohio.. Less than that have them as board members.
Im so waiting for something thats not going to happen.. Just read a 2012 article that stated only 8% of public corporations have women ceos.
Oh sure twitter promote a gender employment chart at me. Give me something that relates to ohio and ceo/management jobs and gender.
Im going to miss my rainbow sweater! <RAINBOW>
I know as soon as i put them away its going to snow again.
Its 80° out and im officially putting away my sweaters.. When just a few days ago it was snowing.. Thx ohio.
I need to work on my social anxiety and emotional abuse before i think about my aries ascendant and lifting my head.
A woman be in charge of a company? Be able to run things? Be able to get things done? Its so rare they have federal funding for it.
Noone does. Aries have to be the least liked sign. Noone wants a woman to be able to be in charge. Noone promotes that.. Its fought against.
I need to be at peace with my Aries aspects.
Brash, impulsive, pushy, take charge, forceful, dare i say bossy... My libra doesn't like it.
My awesome upside down trippy kite chart. Love my pisces/venus, love my scorpio/moon, love my jupiter/sagittarius. 
Well, that was interesting. Two very nice people. Great insightful convo.
Ive got more libra in my chart than aries.. Wow.
Ill totally watch this if nothing distracts me.

Pluto.
Saturn, Jupiter.. My ic, and.. One other.
I have alot of libra in my chart as well.
Remember.. No matter how awesome you are you'll never be as awesome as.. 
That whole thing.

I think im still stuck in my ic.. I really hate having to push to get things done.. Which is weird, i was just griping about that..


Alyssa's aries mc/libra ic vid.

So funny. I dont do selfies tho. <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
Which pretty much matches me. I have a Lot of Aries in my chart... Its disgusting.
But ive got my birth cert now and my correct time.. And i discover i am an Aries midheaven.
For a long while there, i thought i was a taurus midheaven.. Which did seem kinda odd and didnt quite match up.
I dont think she was actually offensive at all.. And that wasnt really a list of cruelty.. Just how signs can sometimes be.
Like hey i did a really good job over here.. Lookie! Noone does..

 But things i was just doing and hoping noone would notice..
Arg. Lol
But then crawl away super embarrassed if i get it in others.
The whole modesty thing from leo rising screws me over with that anyway.. I fight for recognition for some things..
I dont Usually try to be an acknowledgement grabber.
i have a feeling it has something to do with no deserved recognition in other areas.
Thats totally me, though. I skim through stuff at times.


I love this girls eyebrows.
My butterflies be like this now.
<GLOWING STAR><YELLOW HEART><HEAVY BLACK HEART><PURPLE HEART><BLUE HEART><GREEN HEART><YELLOW HEART><GLOWING STAR> 
She even has a black butterfly on her profile.. Man that takes me back.
Jean Wiley is another astrologer I've discovered. Very direct and doesn't try to sugar coat anything. Very direct and clear advice. Me gusta
His foot could have slipped off the brake.. Poor guy.
Saving random guys passed-out-behind-the-wheel at stoplights..
I do that.
Pretty miffed that my horoscope app that calculates the moon hasn't updated all week. Its my scorpio moon! Soo not nice.
Was looking at an old artifact map when i woke up.
Lot of high speed car action and hiking through mountains and a plane ride ensued. Dont think we ever made it to our destination..
Which is true. He was a super smart inventor. He had a garage full of wires gears lightbulbs doohickies and gadgets and would tinker alot.
Some reason we fueled up our 1940s car at my great grandfathers house who was actually an super smart awesome james bond inventer guy.
Anyway.. This dream was a map adventure indiana jones style in some huge mountains w/ a group of wickedly talented super smart archeologists
Was horrible, looking back..
And then after we hooked up i was terrified for other reasons.
I talk in my sleep and I'd dream about him almost every night.
Was one of the reasons 3 years ago that i would be terrified to sleep next to my husband.
Probably because ive been waking up at 2 and not getting back to sleep.
Dreamt about Him again last night.
Its been a long time since I remember dreaming about anything.
Id love for this to be over and behind me. I would love to have smooth sailing for a bit.
I am ready for upheavals to quiet.
Staying in a constant emotional state of 'ready for bad things to happen' is not how i want to spend my year.
So i cant really relax. If i do, it will be that much more upsetting when he does turn. 

Its not if he turns.. Its when.
Right now I'm living under the assumption that no matter how nice and agreeable Taurus is, at the drop of a hat he could turn.
If i knew what was expected of me and what to expect from others.. That would be nice right about now.. And for the next few..
If i could just count on nothing big and upsetting happening.. No surprise kicks in the emotional teeth..
I would really like it if i had a stable life right now. If i knew what was going to happen this week and the next..
Even if there is seemingly nothing big or exciting going on in your life right now, the universe may be asking you to appreciate the small.
No matter what happens, know that it is making you stronger, building your character, giving you opportunities of growth in understanding.
Im slightly excited.<PARTY POPPER>
Just like that there.
<SPARKLES><WHITE MEDIUM STAR><FULL MOON SYMBOL><GLOWING STAR><BLACK SUN WITH RAYS><VOLCANO><BLACK SUN WITH RAYS><GLOWING STAR><FULL MOON SYMBOL><WHITE MEDIUM STAR><SPARKLES>
Less pay, awesome work, badassery of the charitable nature ensues, and all around good things exploding everywhere.
~this~ big mamyjahamy that is going on is definitely the kind of risk I'm willing to take. Hopefully it will come to fruition.
So, hopefuly I'm going to be taking a risk that will lead to an awesome career of my dreams.
He doesnt normally do anything without a motive behind it.
Maybe its because of his dui.
Did dishes.. Cleared off clutter thats been waiting for him forever.. Finally put away his own clothes.
I wonder what hes up to.. He made my bed for me. Thats just weird.. Nice i guess.. But strange.
I swear he's going to break it.
Some reason, taurus decided it would be nice to clean the house yesterday.
Hes been learning how to load the clothes washer too.
Noouuu!!!11!!

Actually i wouldn't mind landscaping.. Sounds fun. Applied
They didnt call back tho.. Smh.
That happy gilmore scene.. Oh.. Your fingers hurt? Well now your back is going to hurt. Cuz you just pulled landscaping duty!!
Arg.
Go to bed, my feet hurt.
Wake up.. My feet hurt.
I hope I grow accustomed soon.
Or find fabulous new awesome shoes.
Working a 13 hour day today. 8-4 then 4 -9 fun stuff.
Get to end the day at the park tho.
So its awesome.
@AlyssaSharpe your eyes are amazing. Nice pic.<GREEN HEART>
Love is what keeps people from walking away.
That is why when their marriages were crumbling and broken. They are able to fix it. And would not throw it away.
They used the strongest materials.
Old people who have been together for 65 years lived in an era where they knew how to build things that lasted
They built strong foundations
I fell for the lie that the best marriages are based on good friendships.

The best marriages are based on real love and trust.
He had told me to try it out.. Maybe it would stick.. And i did.. Not feeling the words.. Just saying them.
I remember a time at the very beginning of our relationship. Where i hadn't ever said 'i love you.' to him.
He had dismissed them.. Refused to acknowledge my feelings. Carried on as if it would all work itself out.
Theres a section in there where i reference a note i had given Taurus stating my unsure feelings and lack of love.
Some will remember i found an old poetry book of mine i had written back in 2001ish..
So what does that say about his love?
And he said he had known i loved him more than he did me.
Cared for him a great deal.. Yes..
Loved?
Platonic.
I have proof of it, too.
I'm not sure i ever loved Taurus.
Taurus is all about control. Making me suffer because i dont love him. Its not even my fault. I cant help how i feel. Love is not a decision
Because i love him.
But i would still help him in any way i could.. If he was ever in need.. If there was ever anything i could ever do for him.. Id do it.
But.. I love capricorn. I love Him... And i know for a fact that he doesnt love me.. Love is not a decision. Nothing i do will change that..
Hes right. It doesnt matter. I dont love him and nothing he does is going to change that.
Says it doesnt matter what he does.. Nothing will make me love him again.. So why should he.. But still says he loves me.
Even though he has control of all the household money.. Has the ability.. Has everything..doesnt want to because he says it doesnt matter.
Taurus wont buy groceries for me. Wouldnt buy health insurance for me. Doesnt want to do anything helpful for me..
The following is how i know everything Taurus says about love is actually about control.
Probably why i didnt notice.
Was mired in the pit of disgust.
And yeah. I didnt pay for it so that was nice.. Couldnt enjoy it because i was with my husband.. So kinda killed the whole thing.
Chipotle needs to make wings.
Thankyou faet for giving me something i asked for when i tried not to have it.. <SMIRKING FACE>
So i got chicken wings not even realising i had asked for them earlier that day.
Brought them home and we voted. I voted chipotle, cuz non gmo. 1 vote for buffet, and 2 votes for quaker steak and lube.
Went out running errands with the kids and they got it in their heads to eat somewhere.
Just realised i didnt notice something that happened.. I had asked for chicken wings yesterday morning.
Just stop trying to get my hopes up unrealistically and give me something concrete.
So im here looking at this horoscope telling me "this is the day!" and all i can think is, "no it isnt."
Really, he just makes me pit of the stomach sick.
Which is probably what he wants me to feel.. Which hed be happy about.
Gone from indifference to disgust.
So i need a lawyer. But have no money. No resources. Nothing.
Every slightly good feeling I've had about him has been squashed. He just makes me sick to be around. I cant even.
I don't love my husband. There's no way i can reconcile still being with him in a marriage. I dont even feel like i can be friends with him.
Difficult? Does it really really still have to be?
Now i just feel like im whining. Seriously, though. I know everything that has happened has led me to here, but did it really have to be so,
Also, why do all of my hopes, dreams, and needs have to be unlikely victories.... Smh. Give me a sure-thing victory once in a while.
So today is cinco de mayo.. Day of unlikely victories..
And my horoscope is all.. You can!! And im all, How??
Im just like, how?.. No it isnt.. Ive got nothing..
Everytime my horoscope says, "this is the day youve been waiting for to be able to push all of your hopes, dreams, and needs forward!!"...
Or has continuously taken over.. Maybe im just being realistic.
I feel like im living without hope. A pessimistic attitude has been taking over.
Thinking he's someone i could learn alot from. Was gentle in his way of controlling the meeting, but very blunt. Nice.
Got to meet my new boss yesterday. Seems like a quick, clear headed fellow who sticks to facts. Nice, too, not quick to judge.
Still dont have money. Dont know what to do. Every penny I'm getting from these jobs is going to gas and bills. Not nearly enough to cover.
Still dont have an attorney. Dont know what to do. Every resource i had has been used. Every person asked, who isnt in need themselves.
Ive heard tons of stories of backstabbing and sabotage in womens work places.. i just want to work. I dont want drama.
It does make me worried just staring a job and wondering if there are underhanded women here..
Cant beat the motif though. <WATER WAVE><PALM TREE>
One thing this job I'm doing is giving me,.. I'm getting more comfortable with my appearance. Mirrors are everywhere and i cant avoid them.
Should be an interesting week. Truthiness and honesty battling it out with the liars and deceivers.
Definitely no way to have relationships where concerns are never resolved.
Seriously though, if that ever happened irl, youd better believe id pick up the argument again after unless there was an understanding made.
Zodiac Signs: Different Ways of Saying I Love You
ARIES: “I’d let you win any time.

Brings a whole new meaning to this.
Omg lol
Underhanded way to win an argument, though. Lol
Smh.
Somehow perfect tho.
As if being angry wasnt enough, a guy plying you with gifs and pictures while you're lecturing him is infuriating.
I get turned on when i get angry.
Which is weird.. kinda. But understandable, considering the increased heart rate and adrenaline.
Being angry could be more fun than just exploring and experiencing an emotional state...
Still cant sleep.

Something someone did make me re-realize a while ago about myself.. that i just now thought of..
I haven't been completely hellfire bent angry in a long while.. maybe it'll be fun. <FIRE><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><FIRE>
Lol.
But yeah... that stuff is what i was slightly wound up about. If today says its going to make me incensed id like to know how..
I was over at the Harley headquarters  2013/4winter, i think.. was going to stop in and say hi, but that woulda been weird.
And bring me some chicken wings and Wisconsin raw honey too!
I would like to see stealth electric motorcycles on the road by the end of this year. Get to it!<PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION>
But if its not there right now, it will get there.
Team up with tesla and see if you can recharge at their stations. I know the original idea was a perpetual motion machine,
<THUMBS UP SIGN><GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Maybe put an alien head where the headlight is.. arms coming down like a lady gaga ripoff.
Which actually could be pretty cool if you put some under carriage glow and leds on it.
The other looked like alien swallowed a refrigerator.
Batteries are smaller now, and Goodyear is making those tires that was my idea as well, so maybe you could reconceptualise a prettier one.
And yamaha.
Harley, your bike was ugly, but i understand you turned the concept out in one night because i had made it into a competition with suzuki.
Someone made cat cafes which i may think of doing.. not an idea i had but dern cool.
Theres someone in the uk who has taken up my foster care for animals by hotels idea.. which is awesome.
Theres a development team in haiti,.. but they arent exactly doing what i had wanted, so ill let that slide.. good on them.
Like really? You guys couldnt just give them away free with all that money you have?
I dont mind those solar impulse guys.. thats cool. Its those google guys stealing credits from people when hey really have enough already.
Solar impulse, harley electric bike, and google "giving" away solar panels to name a few.
Last nights tangent was brought about by years of people or coincidence taking my ideas and using them for their own.
Another one says today's events are going to release the tiger within..upset my peaceful character.. id like to see them try!
That thing where your horoscopes tell you not to go off on a half angry/frustrated/laughing tangent and yet you already have.
Ah well.
Im only guessing here, but the concept just might.. maybe.. could probably turn out better if the original mind behind it were involved.
No offense to complete jerks.
And if someone else were able to do it.. thats great.. but atleast include me in the process instead of being a complete jerk.
I mind, a great deal.. but i dont mind... id rather the idea were moved from concept to reality for the greater good.
Yeah,. Thats always great.. and part of being an #Aries.
And then! After I've pushed at a concept for what seems like a millennia.. someone else takes credit for it.. well la di frikkin dah! Lmao
*Goes off to kick rocks*
Universe might have a high wis, but its int column is in question.
Damn tiresome having to be looked at as brash and outspoken, when stuff could just be settled if people werent so stubborn and closeminded.
Theyre all off holding hands and singing kumbaiya getting stuff done and i have to push against deeply imbedded set in stone rules.
But i dont Want to Have to do that.. id like it if i could just diplomatically get stuff done without having to push like the nice signs do.
Oh sure.. it makes it so i can push against stuff with all kinds of pent up explosive impatient frustrated energy..
If the universe didnt want me to be impatient, why did it make me that way?<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E>
Be grateful, know the universe is working for the greater good, everything happens for a reason, universe is wise, loving, and slow as hell.
Now im going to get a "be grateful" subtweet.. i am grateful! Cant you tell!?
Lol <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Dern yous, faet!! Derns yooouus!
Why cant you see fit to opening a few doors and not making every little thing an epic struggle?
Like, whatever, fate.. you're damn good at motivating yourself to keeping me away from stuff..
Meanwhile just wasting time. Cant do anything. Where ever i try, i just bash myself off of windows.
Seems like everything in my life is on hold until i can divorce.
I would really love to use these awesome energies to actually have big breakthroughs and some actual planning taking place.
The two jobs i have rn are pretty good exercise, but nothing to sweat over. Maybe when summer hits.
Until then.. charitable building or something.. but even then it wouldn't be enough to have regular exercise.
As it is now, ive got nothing i can work through.. maybe when im healing.
I was working my way through some srs psychology back when i was exercising... what can i say? I do my best thinking while in motion. #Aries
Its just soo.. self indulgent and narcissistic.
I swear id exercise if it meant something useful came of it. Some charitable work or something. I really can not exercise for exercise sake.
Heeeeeeyyyy....! Lol if only i could exercise and not get completely bored because... Boring/SelfCentered/Narcissistic/NoRealPurpose..
Wishing i was 10lbs over again just so i could have the achievement of working it all off again.
Kinda like when i was all built and 0 fat running the entire day up and down West Virginia hills..
Lucky ducks, all going through drama, introspection, and being wise and insightful with yourselves without me.
Kinda makes me wish i wasn't just so i could have insights, growth, and wisdom be happening for me.
Maybe its that I've Been living honestly, maybe its that I've Been living authentically, my truth has already set me free. As much as it can
Had a clearer realisation/understanding of the meaning behind -when you feel judged it is only yourself who judges- thats about it.
Maybe stuff is going on in a deep subconscious level... that would be more scorpioish..
Which i guess is kinda weird considering my moon is scorpio.
Ive been posting jesus memes all day.. i wonder if that counts..
No living my divine passions, deep wisdom insights, or questions answered here. Just tired.
Feeling very disconnected from the astrological interpretations of the day.
Anyway, Happy Sunday. Time to work.
Or developed it into an earthship paradise.
Id get sick knowing how much i just spent on jetfuel which could have fed the entirety of haiti for a year..
I dont think it would be possible to live both in the bubble, and work to help those in need..
Those born into the bubble, who've popped it.. those are the ones with character, with soul, compassion, and strength.
More often than not, they were poor to begin with and built their empire, and so weren't born into the bubble.
Those billionaire philanthropists.. i admire them for not choosing indulgence over compassion..
Wouldn't want to pop the bubble.
If that.
Being unwilling to immerse themselves in the "mess" of someone else's troubles.. pat them on the head, reassure them everything will be ok.
That are incredible mountains of distress, worry, and pain to others who are not as fortunate.
If by chance, opportunities are set in their path, small inconveniences to them, small challenges.. that they dismiss offhandedly..
I wonder if the universe tests them, again and again to try to get them to really live and feel..
I wonder if they really think thats living..
Dear god help the people who wait on them and get a perfection wrong..
Unwilling to experience or see anything that might upset..or disrupt their perfect bubble. Mild compassion and uninformed concern for others
Decadence.. luxury.. a life of warmth and pleasure.. completely closed off with blinders on to the rest of the worlds.. less fortunate..
Wonder if the test of their character and soul is whether.. to feel alive.. they help others.. or... become indulgent in themselves.
Must be boring.. must be nice.. probably drives a person to get into alternative ways to feel alive..
Everything.. just given.. smooth sailing.. no troubles or worries.. nothing that truly tests the strength of their character or soul..
On one hand, its great that people can have fulfillment like that, on the other, what do they do with the rest of their lives after done?
They must have all just been given the dreams they had without much struggle or thought..
I want to go skydiving, bungee cording, travel the world, learn languages, learn to fly a plane, go snorkeling, learn to surf..
Sometimes i wonder what it might be like to have lived wealthy.. but then, i think how boring life would be without dreams to fulfill.
I have great followers. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><HEAVY BLACK HEART>
Dear sweet fluffy lord.
@class_n_candor 
^^ that guy follows me..?
Quite beautiful.
And on point.
Rescind the cruel anti-homeless feeding bans 
Anyway,
Park work today.
Happy Pancaek Day and Caturday.
Its not about his physical appearance, although it helps a great deal.. its about Him. The soul i see inside. That's what attracts me.
Yet another reason.. he actually does turn me on, I am attracted to him, feelings come alive with him like noone else.
That thing where a feathers brush of a fingertip can be an explosion of sensual ecstasy.
I guess it would be hard to market for people like me who would rather emotionally feel and spiritually touch than visually devour.
Digging through pornography to find something youre visually attracted to is such a turn off
Just about everything about this is a deterrent
Hey my lists are back! Yay!
Yeah, i just went there.
Which is utterly boring.

No wonder women dont have an interest or use for pornography. Noone is marketing to them. At all.
Search for erotic and its entirety is women. Search for erotic men and its man on man.
Gifs and videos are geared for male perspectives.
That thing where there is no such thing as women's equality for sexual interests in pornography.
Told him to take care of himself and to stay safe.. hes off with his friends trying to party away his worries.
Showed him that too..
"In order to be there to see the warm splendor of the sunrise, you have to brave the cold and dark moments before the dawn"
Crazy thing was, i posted this on my other social media this morning...
Told my friend since he failed at it, it means god/universe has a purpose still for him.
He took like 90 pills he said, threw them up.
I need more moments like that in my life.
I know i cant ask for less stress, but more moments like that would be helpful.
Had a moment like that while cuddling and watching the sun rise with my son this morning.
Those moments that feel so Good in a (soulful way) that your heart hurts from the stress its been carrying, releases, relaxes, and opens.
He's going through some incredible stuff right now
So glad he failed at it
Love that boy like a bro
So crazy all that happened in one week
Just found out another of my friends almost killed himself on the 24th. He's the dude I talked about when Robin Williams died.


This lady is interesting.
Gj Mr. Freeman. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>

So, updating my resume and trying again to be employed by the neighborhood development corporation that mirrors my interests.

@nadiyashah 
<SPARKLES><PARTY POPPER><WHITE MEDIUM STAR><CONFETTI BALL><GLOWING STAR><CONFETTI BALL><WHITE MEDIUM STAR><PARTY POPPER><SPARKLES>
Yay!
Whoever just posted to me, you deleted it before i could read it.
Im still glad i filed a grievance against my previous lawyer, though. He was definitely shady as all getout and was only working against me.
So, learning the hard way that right only makes might in the legal system if you have money.
The only lawyer that would talk with me took 60$ and gave me a $10,000.00 retainer estimate.
Friends have recomended a couple people, but they haven't called back.
Legal aid denied me alot of times. Bar association has noone who works pro bono. Victims advocate asking someone but theyre all about money.
Still cant find a lawyer.
Have asked everyone i know to find one who will work reduced or no fee, and noone will.
Just one more thing this situation is damaging for me.
I cant wait to be out of it.
It shouldn't be about being appreciated. I like doing things for people that will never know what i do.
Resentment. =/ i dont like it.
Nm, yes i do. Because i always do, i get taken advantage of alot, i do things for people who dont appreciate.
Because that's me.
So, yes, I'm driving him to work, but getting him to pay 10 for gas. He could carpool, could take the bus. I don't know why I'm doing it.


Ill be here for a bit.
And when i mention him screaming at me, and my unwillingness to help him out, he just smirks at me..
And now he wants me to drive him to work again without complaint and without even apologising.
And then he screams at me because i had to buy an old vehicle that broke down because it was what i could afford.
These are the reasons resentment builds. I drove him to work before that, without complaint or argument when he slid on ice after drinking.
It would be fine had he not made such a huge deal about when the tardigrade broke down for a day and screamed at me.
On top of all of this, Taurus is asking me to drive him to work in the mornings.
If anyone remembers the commanderx fiasco, you'll know how seriously i take suicidal threats.

If i had known.
She had seemed fine.. then a few posts asking for someone to call her, and now she's gone. Happened on the 25th.
She had been reaching out to me, and i missed it.
Amidst all of the deaths going on, i missed one. A high school acquaintance.. just talked to her not too long ago on the phone..
My work today - walk the trails for three hours and clear out trash. Puppy had fun.
I wish this was full time. 
No, didnt actually.
Dropped kids off at school, dropping off Taurus to work, and taking puppy to work as well.
Brings a whole new set of options to prayer.
*Wanders off to "communicate with the divine" by herself*

Lmao
Yet another reason why sex is a holy communication with the divine and should not be cheapened.
That thing where babies who are cared for in every way except for fulfilling the need for love, die.
a greater sense of connection to the divine
The Einstein quote. The delusion of separation.. maybe that is why we search for love in another as a need...
Hm.
I cant wait for this divorce to be finalized so i can heal.
Maybe it is that I've been living through a separate and cut off sense of consciousness. Deliberately closed.
Maybe a deeper sense of connection to love and the divine.
As you think so shall you become..

Maybe it is a fuller sense of belief i am searching for..
God is love
Loves source is inside of everything.
The same vibrations that resonate within us, resonate in the outer limits of the universe.
Hmm.













I think i need to rewrite and perfect my love vibration philosophy theory. the one i wrote down doesnt seem to explain it simply and clearly
I still haven't found what I'm looking for - U2 -…: 
And.. now i cant get a song out of my head..
Its a detail.. not the foundation that is askew. Something..
What do you do when youve found the answers, but still feel something is missing..
Unconditional love.
Scientifically, the highest and most powerful of these vibrations is love.
God is love.
Loves source is inside of us all.
The same vibrations that resonate within us all, resonate in the outer limits of the cosmos.
I feel, think, and believe the answers Ive found are the truth... but.. i still want to search.. as if something is as of yet undiscovered.
I feel like ive come upon the certain truth of things, answered all the questions i had. but i still want to search for deeper understanding
I'm a bit.. stymied? right now.
I've delved into the metaphysical and deeply searched my soul, my heart, the universe, and my mind.
I care. I cant not care. So i would like to help.
I know there isn't one cure for all of the evils of the world, but i do know some things that are pretty darned close to it.
I would like to be able to say i helped when it was needed.
*Shrug* i care. I care deeply. I know the solutions and healing measures to cure most suffering in the world. I would like to help.
Celebrating mediocrity isnt going to get me anywhere.
I feel as though my time is running out.
I understand.
Small progress is still progress.
I would like to have done something that matters in the big picture..
Smallest deeds can have great meaning, small steps can still be incredible leaps of faith.
I know. I am a great lover of small things. The tiniest flower in the desert of new mexico still has me in awe. I hope the little guy is ok.
It was well on ten years ago.. i can still remember it clearly, though. She had said it was a 5 year reading but obviously its gone on a bit
Aside from Jan, I've never had a reading done. There is only one thing, I think, left that she showed me that has not come to pass yet.
Diana Garland is very down to earth and practical, measured, and analytical. I've never asked her her sign. Very well done interpretations.
I like Kelly Rosano as well.. Very much a Leo. Lovely decor. Lovely hair and smile. Her interpretations are very upbeat and sunny.
Lovely woman, was well before i knew anything about anything.. had no confidence at all, extremely shy, and she knew everything.
I had a reading done by The famous Jan Hoffman before she passed. It was quite an experience.. everything she had said has come true.
I think she said she was an Aquarius with a Cancer rising.
Lovely combination.
I like Nadiya. She's very professional, accurate, non judgemental, focused, and positive. Very helpful in times of complete hopelessness.
Also has a great personality. Very funny and upbeat.
My brother was is a libra and I'm an aries. I can totally understand.
I really like alyssa, though she has a slightly bad opinion of aries.. cant blame her tho.. her brother was an aries, and shes a libra.
Totally going all astrology for a little while.. just for the fun of it.
Dere. Fixed it.
This is my chart. New and improved time accuracy.
For those interested. 
But, yeah.. even if the system did brainwash him, he's still responsible for his actions, in my humble opinion.
There is no way he will take responsibility or blame for drinking* and driving.
He probably also blames me. Or will find a reason to.
Promoted his indulgences, letting him think he was invincible, and afterward punished him for acting that way.
I see it as the system brainwashed him into thinking that escaping into alcohol is the right way to deal with stress and grief.
Which is kinda true, but not in the way he sees it. He blames the cop for picking him up, the court for not letting him get off easy.
Maybe its just a terrible mindset catching up to him.. he blames the system for him being behind a wheel while drunk.
Like, just because i wasn't willing to send him to jail for intermarital rape, didn't mean he wasn't going.
It'd be weird if he went to jail.
Like the universe wanted him to go.
Well, atleast today i can get things done and see my grandma.
In other news, Taurus is facing a 3 year suspension to his license, 180 days in jail and is now using the last of 401k to pay for a lawyer.
And now i get a call that they dont want me in until Thursday.. whatever.
But i loved the plants.. cleaning and pruning, the flowers, working outside, helping things grow..
<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><SUNFLOWER><CHERRY BLOSSOM><HIBISCUS><ROSE><TULIP><EAR OF RICE><HERB><DECIDUOUS TREE><SEEDLING>
It payed less, the boss wasn't a leader, and the coworkers were hostile, there were highly toxic pesticides, and latex that im allergic to..
I would soo rather be back in the greenhouse permanently.
Had a greenhouse job for two seconds. This other was a permanent position and guaranteed to last more than 2 months.. so had to take it.
Id be ecstatic if it were in a field that actually interested me.
Id be happy if it isnt what it is. Id be happier if it were a job that could lead somewhere better.
They think that I'm good to go with only one day of training, and want to shorten my month of probationary employment.
I guess I'm glad i got recognized for being a quick study.
So much so they are allowing me to work the full week instead of alternate days.
Id be proud, except that its really not an employment opportunity id ever be proud of.
The thing to celebrate.. hm..
I did so well at this job, i got complimented on how quickly i caught on.
*Mildly celebrates mediocrity*
Woo. <PARTY POPPER>
So anyway.. moving right along..
Childish vindictive pranks get you nowhere.
Whatever.
Why did my lists disappear?
Doesnt actually matter though.
Was just illustrating how I function. Might shed some light into an Aries mindset.
Its not like I'm just now finding out about them...
My "pet name", if you can call it that.. used to be 'Assh&lt;3le'...
lmao
I do that but, I know Capricorns flaws.
I'm more than well aware.
They just don't matter.
That thing where Aries puts the other person on a pedestal and doesn't see their flaws..
I think what i dont want to celebrate is achievements that have no real affect in the big picture and grand scheme of things.
Course my new office is pretty cool.. but its only a weekend job that doesnt pay living wages.. yay.<PARTY POPPER>
Ive worked long and hard on a ton of other things that i actually really want..  couldnt the universe see fit to grant atleast one of those?
Its not that i dont have gratitude for having jobs, its just not what i really really wanted.. so why make a big deal about it?
My horoscope says i worked long and hard to achieve something and i should celebrate it today.. im assuming its my jobs.
If a guy crosses that line with me, ill deliberately ignore it and try to shut it down. I dont flirt.
There is a boundary line between flirty and friendly. Its where things become suggestive and have double meaning.
You build connections and friendships by being nice. Being kind. Not my problem that guys are constantly thinking of stuff that I'm not.
I can tell the difference between being nice and flirting.. I'm just nice. People take it as flirting when its not.
How To Get With an Aries Woman: 
This is me, basically.. some exceptions.
Definitely not spoiled, or bratty.
Dont need to walk on eggshells either.
Not controlling.. i do get irritated over unhealthy habits, but that's it.. hm.
I have high standards, which is about the only true part, i don't need constantly entertained.
5 Reasons Why Aries Women SUCK in Relationships: 
And this, which is semi true.
5 Reasons Why Capricorn Men SUCK in Relationships: 
Found this.
From my experience, this is true.
I tell you what. Game of war ad is really annoying.
Sex &amp; Your Zodiac Sign (Part 2: Libra-Pisces): 

The second one to that.
Sex &amp; Your Zodiac Sign (Part 1: Aries-Virgo): 

Much better.
@nadiyashah
*not quite, (but almost) patiently awaits the astrology for the month of May*
<ARIES><HEAVY BLACK HEART><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Might hold some resentment for my husband just because he's being such a dill hole about getting divorced.
Need to work on that.
I dont hate anyone. I dont resent anyone.
I teach my kids that "hate" is a bad word.

Found this.
Srsly, girlcode is such a lame thing..
just be a decent human being. 
Dont hate, be kind to everyone.
A incredibly nice lady that the town loved passed too. Same day as my father inlaw. She always gave free dinners to the poor.
Some 10 years ago.. last year his brother went.. now my step grandpa.. and my father inlaw.
My grandpa went in April, i was very close to him. He was like my dad. I was a teen at the time. And his mother went in April.
My new office. 
@TheRichDouche silliness.
@TheRichDouche 3 people have gone this week. I dont know what it is about April but it seems like everyone chooses this time to go.
And, my step grandfather died this morning.
No idea why that popped into my head at 5am. Or why i wrote it on Twitter. *Shrug*
For me it feels about the same as red tape and paperwork. I despise these things. People should just be able to magically understand.
We just don't usually take the time to figure out how to communicate our thoughts to others so they will clearly understand.
So, yeah we are dumb in that respect. But to say we are simply stupid is just not true..
So during the discussion, the other person ends up making the point the Aries was trying to make. Lol
Usually what happens they remember they are right, but doesn't know how to explain it to someone else without graphs and reference notes.
We know damn well we are right, its just we never take the time to turn those thoughts into coherent verbal opinions or ideas.
We know that we know what we are talking about, and more than likely analysed and thought logically through our opinions, and ideas.
The video Alyssa made for Aries? Totally wrong about our stupidity, kinda..
Aries should just carry around a sign that says, "i don't communicate well, and you are making assumptions."
Am I out of tune with some important part of me?

Or was I just neurotic about it before and made too much of it?
Im not feeling the horoscopes at all anymore.. i wonder if that is a good thing or a bad thing...
Got two jobs now.
Fearing I'm being assimilated into the system.
Great way to lose weight, and exercise your way through inner turmoil. Only recommended for at home workers.
Lots of water. Can mix in strawberries and bananas with yogurt.
Of anyone was wondering how to do 2000 cals on a bike per day..
4hrs, with water, break, greek yogurt with protein shake mixed in 4 more hrs
Rather, maybe a simple, humble state of being.

Peaceful, accepting, thankful, loving, generous, compassionate...
Is it possible to perfect yourself?

Maybe.. if the ideal you are searching for is not a glorified perception of perfection..
Be the change you want to see in the world..

To change the world you must first change yourself..

Well I have.. just not finished, yet.
Do they observe themselves as I observe myself, striving to recognise and fix problems or am i just neurotic, too bent on growth and healing
I think about that alot as im scrolling through random opinions and comments.
That thing where whatever you react to, how you react, and how strongly you react, is the issue you need to face within yourself...
Taurus got picked up for dui.
Taurus' father died.
Srsly tho, love those guise. Almost makes me wish I had followed up on computer related activities. Hope they are doing well.
Loves and hugs
Much better.
<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
Made me miss nimjehs. =( 
Laugh at this.

Watch me ignore you into nonexistance.

<FIRE><BRIDGE AT NIGHT><FIRE> 
Something nice for the nsa people. Since they probably see what i see.


Srsly tho. Maybe emotional abuse is just a Taurus thing.
Not true, but hellarious.
The aries one is hellarious.
Fine. You don't want to listen to anything i say?
Listen to what Alyssa says

If you want to get to know me do it via real life.
Handy having responses to this stuff already written down.. think that was from over the winter sometime December thru February.
Sagittarius.
Since you don't take no for an answer,
Hows this?
I wrote this a little while ago, too. 
Seriously though, what do you even want from me?

*Throws phone*
Its the many layers of that singular picture that is awesome and frustrating at the same time. Well played, sir.
Speaking of.. Here i thought yesterday meant i was free from this stuff. 
Thankyou.
Hoping everyone is enjoying my ramblings. There have been some interesting ones in the past.
Anyway.. was there anything you actually wanted to say?
I need to go back after I'm out of this situation. They closed my case and said i was OK, but I've deteriorated being here with Taurus.

<GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I think i almost broke my counselor when i did that my first visit.
I need to work on not doing that.
I can talk really fast too..

So i like.. say my entire life story in 1 hour and people are all drop jawed freaked out..

Thats why this happens.
And the faster people are able to move on to happier things.
Quick like a bandaid, might sting at first, but, the quicker its out, the faster it can be healed or dealt with.
But, yeah. True.but, i do care, that's why I'm brutally honest. To soften the truth or prolong a lie is more painful. 
If i ever did, it wasn't intentional.
When did i cross Capricorn?
Without having *synchro* and *highly coincidental* messages thrown at me.
This is not me being passive aggressive if thats what you think... id seriously like to focus on the people and situations in real life.
Im not forcing anyone into anything, i am infact pushing you away.
Did you miss that part?
So, is it ok for me to leave social media behind, or does someone still have something they want to say to me?
I kept these things because they are how i feel and think, and it doesnt change. I hate repeating myself.. notebook is handy.
Something else i wrote not so long ago.. maybe a couple months. 
Something got me talking again.. hmm.
I should have stayed retweeting everything like i was doing mid october.
I remember why i stayed on here now.. helping people.. but even that i cant do enough of on here.
Don't even know why I'm saying this stuff on here. Should just ditch social media all together. Its not a productive or efficient passtime.
And then i respond to the emotion, and I'm the one that comes off as angry and resentful.

Sucks.
He says one thing, but i can feel him saying another.. when he says he's trying to help, i can just feel his anger and resentment.
Every time he is around, I can feel him maliciously laughing at me inside. He thinks I'm helpless and hopeless. I can feel his contempt.


Yes thats a peashooter from plants vs zombies.
Bebysitting my nephew now. Hes such a cutie. 
Had to have been after Taurus smashed my other phone because i actually still have it.
But yeah
 I wrote that last one some time ago.. probably September last year.
I cant stand this anymore i couldnt stand it 5 months ago. I want this to end.
I really dont want this to go on into july. As soon as i get a lawyer, im going to ask for a hearing.
Have someone swoop in and bring justice to this situation. The justice and truth thing that should have happened a couple weeks ago.
The thing i want to do the most right now is post all of our arguments and show everyone what im dealing with.
Don't be passive aggressive, i believe I've said that before too.. its unbecoming.

Aries are anything but fake or phony.
Argument with taurus has me tense today.
Might want to bring eyedrops, it could take a while.
Srsly, you going to come over for a staring match and hope something clicks? 
He has herpes. I have children, who i love and want to be with. I see no possible way we could be together. Stop toying with my heart.

Dont play with me.
Really.
I dont need this.
Its not a possibility anyway.
I've said that before too. 
Hm.
Some of the most wonderful players I met on mmorpgs were Aussies. <THUMBS UP SIGN>
Australia is freaking awesome now, though.. cept for that nutty president, Tony Abbott. The rest of the country is awesome.
I think Australia wins, though. They were colonised by wanker criminals and rejects.
Harsh.
America was colonised by wankers too, Scotland. Lowest of the low fistbump. <FISTED HAND SIGN>
Its a shite state of affairs, tommy. 
Not only that, but i have social anxiety, and being around him increases it like by 1000. So i cant even think what i want to say or mean.
Not only that, but he has a terrible opinion of me, judging by my last attempt to talk with him.
Not only that, but whenever we do talk its very cryptic and ambiguous. I'm not afraid of hearing what he has to say as long as he's clear.
I would love to hear if he had anything to say, what his thoughts were, but how would i? He doesn't contact me. 
@CECHR_UoD @ietsist <HEAVY BLACK HEART><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Something. 
I want someone that can do that to me. I will want that feeling for the rest of my life. If it means being alone forever, its worth it.

I am very sure of how i feel.
I've said it over and over.
@homesitter_ nuh uh.
@homesitter_ which makes me want to do something nice for the poor people assigned to watch me all the time.
@homesitter_ oooo pretty!
@homesitter_ thanks no thanks I'm good. Lol
@homesitter_ nsa is too busy watching girls on a beach somewhere to fool around with translation errors.
@homesitter_ such a beautiful language. I love being able to hear and see people using the languages naturally. It helps me learn.
@ichbindaswalros @Kimberly4Peace @KariAnnWrites @elizadushku @MarketAnarchy @Anony_Mia @ArtofNBG forgot your own name, leo. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>
@homesitter_ cant understand a thing they say, but Italian is a beautiful language.
Only caught bits of it.
@homesitter_ im sorry i made you cry.. but it does relieve stress and causes all kinds of relaxation and emotional healing. <HEAVY BLACK HEART>
@annaCnorris @PlanetGreen #soon
Meh. This is what happens when Ive got time on my hands. Instead of doing something i should be here i am on twitter going on about my life.
One of the biggest reasons I left. Aside from realising I was being used and abused.
Terrified they'd contract it from me. I felt sick every time they came near me until I was sure I didn't have it.
Sometimes love is what makes people leave, as well. I tell you what.. it was the hardest thing I've done.. leaving my kids that night.
Love is what keeps people from leaving. It overcomes pride, anger, resentment, hate.. love heals all wounds.
So I'm hoping she forgave.
It would mean she really loves him.
If she didn't, maybe she didn't really love him? No matter what happens in a relationship, love is the thing that binds two people together.
One reason why I really hope she forgave Him. She is a good match for Him, and I want Him to have the best this world can offer Him.
The miracle would be finding a match in one person, in all other aspects as well, emotionally, intellectually, spiritually, and physically.
Id like to think its possible. Everyone is different and people can be made perfect for each other.
Those fanciful romance stories where the couple just fits perfectly.. does that ever actually happen or is it just the dreams of the writer?
<FACE WITHOUT MOUTH> sometimes i just don't know what to say to synchronicity.
That's definitely why mythical anthropomorphic creatures popped up in history.
Sagittarius are probably all depicted as centaurs as a metaphor for them all having huge.. tracks of land..
<SMIRKING FACE>
Id find a centaur and they'd be like, nah, man I'm an Aquarius.
I have more of a chance of meeting a centaur than a Sagittarius anyway.
Id love to know when I meet a Sagittarius. They should just all be centaurs or something so you really know for sure. 
Things should not have gone that way. There were calmer options.
I have no clue what has been going on with them.
I hope she forgave him.
And then my husband threatens to kill him, like i knew he would and all hades breaks loose.
And then she tells me that He says that if I've got a problem, to talk to my husband about it. So I did.
So, yeah. It was reeally hard to keep stuff a secret for two years. Extremely. It went against my nature.
All to protect Him.
Pretty much. People ask, and truth comes out.. i cant lie. Its just not even an option. 
My only real enemy is myself.
Hah. I don't have enemies. There are only people who don't understand, dont agree, or i have bad communication with. 
And i love people.. and if they dont want to be healthy and happy, it hurts me.
So I feel like if they disagree, they dont want to be healthy and happy.
Its usually for everyone's benefit though. In the best interests of health and happiness..
I am a bit of a control freak. I like things my way and it irritates me when people don't agree. 
The whole not having a partner thing kinda stymies that whole process.
Orly...
Taurus and Leo are great for sensuality. Im still working on getting in touch with mine. I doubt I ever will. 
If i really need help and I'm not getting anywhere, it really takes alot for me to overcome pride and ask for it. But i do if its important.
This.. kinda true. I love learning from experience. 
Just like for this. So true. 
or being unsure if it is something they would really appreciate. Sometimes I just dont know what a person wants.. im not a mind reader.
i hate feeling like I'm getting something for someone that they may not like
Always nice to know exactly what someone wants, not have to guess. 

Hah. So zodiac mind posts this. Very synchro. lol 
#Gratitude
Thanks, universe, for today's reaffirmation.
A remembrance.
The dust broken was only the flames ashes, and the love I'm repairing with is simply what i really am. 
Flames reaching towards the stars, tickling the cold expanse of space.
Self love, love without attachment, unconditional love.
passionate, pure, unrestrained.
like an inferno on a mountaintop with too much wind.
But, then there is this. If I can someday repair myself with love, how much will be dust, and how much would be gold? 
This pretty much describes it.. Needs to be one more picture on this for dust. 
The whole "david" fiasco. 
How love may seem like a choice or decision, but is really a feeling. 
Have some writings from a little while ago that go with this.
Love isn't a choice.
Love is a feeling.
Already knowing all of that, the past two years still happened. He was the one I thought I had trusted enough to give my everything to.
..to find out what their humour really is like.
Really, Capricorns can be cold, cruel, vicious, purposefully vengeful.. i dont know if id want to be "deemed worthy"...
I want people to be kinder and more mature to each other. Find the humor on that level and don't lower yourself into childish antics.
I'm not saying this with resentment or anger. Just. I wish guys.. people in general would bring their humor up to a higher level of kindness
And then playing bloodhound gang whenever *something* happened.. that was so very funny too. Very. Funny.
That time when *someone* kept putting bananas in my tailpipe. That was hilarious. L.O.L.. so funny. <SMIRKING FACE> 
My first concern is if its harmful to bees.. or animals.. id rather not be turned into fungus before my time. 
Wouldnt mind a pet shop job.. take all the critters home with me.. get arrested for theft.. itd be fun. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><THUMBS UP SIGN>
Still putting in applications everywhere.
They *might* have me come in tomorrow.. if not, *maybe* Friday.. if not *maybe* next week.
I might have a job atleast. And maybe another in May for the weekends. Course, I've been on *might*  forever. Decently unsickening jobs too.
.....Yeeeaahh... 
My will to push forward is what hurts me. I have 30 days to get a new lawyer, but it feels like 30 seconds.
While driving all over and trying to find a job where everyone and their mother is also looking for work..
See if anyone else can go 5 weeks on 700.00.
I dunno.. i think i did pretty good. My last unemployment check was on the 18th and I've been extremely frugal.
Think i was in texas last year when he was born.
Red hair. Blue eyes. Adorable, happy, smiley, loves trucks.
Well.. newish. Hes one year old now and cute as a button.
Brother is doing fine, but just barely, and has a new baby.
Another friend is being driven mad as a substitute teacher, another is just starting her own business, dad and mom has no money, ever.
One friend is passing a kidney stone, another had an accident, step grandfather fell and broke his hip, cousin is going to court over titles
That thing where you really need help, but everyone else's life is so much more in need than yours, so you don't ask.
@PlanetGreen aren't they supposed to make brake lines so that they resist the known factors of driving outside of the factory?
As if people that rich Cant work for reduced fees.
I should have known by her office and car that she would be horrendously expensive.
She said she *might* refer me to a no fee or reduced fee lawyer.
What strange alien world do rich people live on?
@Soulburn5 tell..*
And im like.. even if i had a credit card, my max limit would be 3,000.
An im like, no.. noone has money. And so shes all well i take MasterCard, discover, visa..
10,000.00 for a new retainer. And when i yell her ive got 200.00 to my name, and she just took 60.00 of it.. she goes dont you have family?
Not true. Im used to people ignoring my existence and am more comfortable out of the spotlight. 
Huskies are perfect biking partners, apparently. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Speaking of.. going to try and take the pup bike riding. 
Let me run around out in the woods for maybe 2 hours. Then ask if I'm happy.
Definitely not relax enough at a job I'm probably not going to like to be infectiously happy.
Don't get me wrong.. I can relax and be happy.. just not in the stress filled environment I'm in now.
Its just the thought of helping Pepsi sell their poison to people, restocking the poison people have taken.. just..<FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT>
Like this merchandising pepsi job.. run around to stores and be ocd with everything. I can do that.
Im not afraid of working... i can work. Its just.. blearg
Seriously, though. Most advertised job openings make me sick to my stomach just thinking about doing them.
Id rather work at a park anyway.
The "and happy" trips me up.
Chipotle is all like..  we only hire. -
Honest, consciousness, and infectiously enthusiastic people..
Check, check, check.. drat.
Ive only been infectiously happy once in my life. Wonder if i can ever get that back.
Srsly dough 
@ichbindaswalros @beatitude_road @KariAnnWrites @McKaylaMaroney thankyou, leo. Im trying.
If* 
Bargle.
Well, that went..

Attorney withdrew, and hearings have been extended to July. Didnt get to say anything.
Its not like you can choose who you lock eyes with and feel that connection that pierces into the deepest parts of your heart and soul, tho.
Sagittarius as i understand might be an amazing match for me Fun, driven, philosophical, playful, laid back, adventurous, not afraid of risk
Theyre like a rare exotic species that never finds its way into my life.
I think I've met a Sagittarius once, and it was a girl, so i have no idea if the personality matches the horoscopes in the way i understand.
Leos. Smh.

Seriously though I love them. So warm and happy and outgoing. Just. Glowy.
If you want to give someone something they'll love, give them something They want. Not what you want.
Yes, we love you Leo. Seriously. But its not all about you.. it really isn't.
Although I don't think I could handle the Leo ego and dramatics. That's gotta drive everyone bonkers eventually.
As far as *normal* compatibility goes, I think would have done much better if I had fallen for a Leo or a Sagittarius.
And then contingencies for contingencies  happen
And just knock stuff out one by one, but i cant long term plan.. drives me nuts because i see how it all might change.
Planning is a great one, being organized. I cant do that. I can spur of the moment know what needs done and work down the list priority wise
Its a shame that is such an inherent trait.
I love Capricorns for their ability to rise, their sense of professionalism, their lofty aspirations, but being so cold isn't necessary.
Must be like their super power to be cold and distant, cagey, calculating and judgemental. God forbid you miss one of their hoops.
Shun people for the rest of their lives.. how do they ever keep track of all the reasons and all the people theyve cut from their lives?
There are sooo many of these Capricorn qualities that cut people off, give the cold shoulder, block people out, .. 
Very grateful. Atleast someone is.
Alrighty guise, that guy needs halp.
Whomever it is, using a fawkes mask and pew pewing.
Nice of him to step up, though.
Dont be passive aggressive.
Its unbecoming.
Just no.
He can either trust what I say, ask for proof directly, or not.
There is no way id -ever- email him the .wav files unless he emailed me and asked for them directly. Im not getting a cpo filed against me.
There is no way id -ever- post the arguments on here.


@TheRichDouche yeah i remember that. Thanks for reminding me.
They take all the energy credits.
I gots nuthin. Sure, noones giving solar panels away for free, but thats incredibly expensive and google is doing that idea insidiously.
Theres even a for profit company in my town doing most of the things i wanted to with my nonprofit. Ive applied to them 3 times.
My dreams and ideas all get done before i can even get started on them. Every time i think of something to help, i can look it up on the web
They've actually been really civil.
I swear when Isis first saw her, her tail was as poofy as a raccoons.
Isis getting to know puppy. 
@nadiyashah i dont want taurus getting physical. Were still living together. I hope hes going to be thinking clearly.
@nadiyashah custody, property, finances.. everything.. kinda scares me because I'm pretty certain courts are going to favor me.
@nadiyashah my husband is a Taurus, I'm Aries. We are divorcing, and this week is our trials that are supposed to decide everything.
LA Groundbreaking Sustainable City pLAn has 200 key actions #AdoptthepLAn 
What i posted march 25th. 
@CECHR_UoD <HEAVY BLACK HEART>
Think I now have around 10 different *things* to worry about. Most of it is out of my hands now. Aside from the divorce.
Posted this yesterday. Figured id post it here as well. 
Likes the kids. Likes Isis. Likes me, does not like Taurus.
Extremely sensitive to boundaries, personal space. Doesn't like being petted. But she's not vicious. Just keeping us all at arms length.
I think she's been abused. The lady seemed nice, had 5 kids, one on the way, but she really doesn't like Taurus.
Yeah I feel like a complete hypocrite.
Thanking the universe for the blessings that have come into my life. Hoping I can be a blessing in hers. 
Pisces (cookies) Gemini (ice cream)and Libra (chocolate) know how to comfort food.
Will see.
Thinking this new development might help with my activity levels. Should be interesting if all goes well. Very excited but cautious.
Hoping it will get better with more activity. Ive been confined and stationary for nearly 2 years. Maybe it should be expected.
Ive never gotten light headed before.. well maybe after 8 hr 2000 cal bike marathon. But thats expected.
Not good at all. Need more gumption or energy.. something. Body needs to not be afraid to sweat or something. Im atrophied.
Ive been working on clearing the 2 year build up in the gardens around the house. I swear i nearly fainted just doing normal stuff.
What can i say.. i love carbs. Really great when you're exercising and in shape, really bad when you're not. 
...and so zodiac mind posts about comfort foods.. hah

Thing is, i act like what they see in the stereotype but because of entirely different reasons.
I certainly didnt have helicopter parents. I barely saw them. I never automatically got trophies and ever used affirmations until recently.
I was never over entitled, self confident, or self assured. I dont know where that stigma came from but it needs to get axed.
That thing where older generation professionals see my generation as over entitled and over confident self assured ninnymuggins dont help.
Just want to get *somewhere* accomplish *something* big and helpful. Life and distractions conspiring to deter and obfuscate. Just. Arg.
I have a feeling the entire year is going to be like this. Very frustrating. Been spinning wheels for way too long.
Disappointing though. Everyone is using Aries energy to push ahead and I'm still going nowhere like usual.. spinning my wheels.
I feel disconnected from horoscopes right now. Nothing is resonating, and no events match up. Which is healthy i suppose.
@ichbindaswalros <GROWING HEART>
Looks like a trippy upside down kite to me.
Moon in Scorpio is very intense, secretive deep philosophy and feelings with no bottom, mysterious and dark. Hard to relate to.
Mars in Aries is hard to handle. Fiery, passionate, must act on their first instincts, second guessing is unhealthy.


My Venus in Pisces explains my romanticism, and philosophy, but is sometimes overpowered by my Aries components.
*Shrug* if you believe. People are such complex individuals that any of their planets can explain any number of personality traits
I really dislike my Libra Saturn though. Makes all my relationships awkward and difficult.
My birth moon was in Scorpio. I love my Scorpio moon. I think its the reason i liked Ana Carolina so well.
@nadiyashah good lucks.<HEAVY BLACK HEART>
Ugh. My complaint against the guardian ad litem is being upgraded to state supreme court.
Its really annoying when someone presumes to know what is inside your head and wont listen to you when you try to set them straight.
Ill be honest. I'm a terrible liar. I get misunderstood alot because people take what i say the wrong way.. but im honest.
If you dont think im telling the truth about something, tell me and let me set records straight. Have the guts to ask in person.
And he goes around with these ideas in his head and thinks hes right.. and hes just not.
I dont yell. Im not a shouting match person. I cant. So i just let him say what he wants to knowing i know the truth.
Then shuts me down and says no, no, no, if i try to defend myself and say the truth.
He says i have everything twisted in my mind and he thinks he knows how i feel and tells me all this devious stuff he assumes about me.
With what he thinks. Or what he wants me to think.
Its just him going on and on and me trying to get a word in edgewise and him shutting he down if i say anything that isnt in line.
There are so many times where he just steam rolls me with his constant talking. They arent usually back and forth discussions.
I would love to just post all the Taurus conversations on here and show you exactly what I'm talking about. Id rather show them in person.
What do you think I'm lying about *now*?
Break down zodiac relationships all you like. If there isnt love and lightning it doesnt matter what qualities you or the other person have.
I mean really.
Just lol. Whatever. I'm just thinking openly on here. If you cant handle my truth, that's your problem, not mine.
Was this the response? 
Do you ever notice that most photographs of peoples faces.. if its a man cuts off near below the neck.. if woman, below the boobs. #Feminism
Seems like justice is never done when i tell the truth anyway.
Maybe i should report and prosecute, and let fate direct it where they will.
Hoping this works out somehow.
Wasn't only $10,000, said he would give me the house, kids and walk away for one night of sex. What an ass.
Think its been a year and 4 months since I've had sex now.. if it hadnt been for that one time would have been a year and 7ish+
And then back in August he has the nerve to offer me 10,000 for just one night. When he had cashed in the 401k.
So i dont drink around him anymore.
And i told him explicitly before we started drinking that i didnt want to.
Having sex when you arent in love is a crime against yourself and a crime against what love is.
I hadnt had sex for like 3 months and had developed self respect and a healthy philosophy about it. Sex is for love. I wanted a divorce.
Oh but you wanted to, dont lie...

No actually i didnt.
Not like anything can be done about it. I just dont ever drink around him anymore.
The question stood out to me, amid all the celebration and happiness.
Maybe ill pluck up the nerve and throw other peoples judgement to the wind and just say it because its true.
Maybe i wont answer at all just to not upset anything. Maybe ill answer in the hope that noone will see so i can lay the truth out.
He'd go to jail, and the kids and i would be on the street
Was my current husband, and no, I didn't want to. I cant report him for inter marital rape because I cant afford the house..
Figured id reply to it tomorrow so i don't upset peoples easter.
Saw this shared today. 
I could be wrong tho.

@PlanetGreen needs moar jack london, earth's children series, and my side of the mountain.
Hehehehe

Just wish i had my dream job already.
Week long trials are set for the week after next. Should all be over soon. Unless i have to appeal.
Still have my social anxiety, and ive deteriorated some since I've been back in the house with Taurus.
Atleast I'm not feeling the chest clenching constant panic attacks, stress, or 3 days of insomnia anymore.
I think im worried more about saturn being in my house of careers than in my philosophy house. Shes supposed to be more positive now anyway.
Seems like it doesnt matter how much i try to make good things happen. Always turns out not to.
I dont understand why good things cant work the same way bad things do.
While i followed it, there were times i tried my hardest not to have things i was responsible for come about.. but they still did.
The saturn return videos for the next three years really puts everything in perspective when she talks about the last three years.
That all was my saturn in scorpio cycle. Kinda neat how it went along with horoscopes the whole time..
So yeah, good job trolls. Punish that stray housewife.
Dont remember when trolls started messing with me.
Could never talk to community services because i was on the road. Never was in service at the end of the day.
Tried and tried to get a divorce while on the road, could never get it done, though. One attorney thought he could charge by the minute.
Got through my ptsd in about 8 months while learning how to truck.. which apparently is hard in itself.
So i trucked. With the intent to think about everything thoroughly, divorce, and come back with trucking experience to support my kids.
That would have been hell for two children.
I had no idea what battered womans shelters were for, or even what emotional abuse was. If i hadnt trucked i would have been in one.
So i knew id have to have some sort of job experience since i had none. Trucking appealed to me for many reasons.
I knew if i couldn't stay married id need an income, and at that time, taurus had no interest in taking care of the kids.
I wanted to really know if my suspicions about love were true. If i really didnt love my husband anymore.. i couldnt stay married.
I shouldn't have involved Him. I had planned to go trucking to work on my late onset PTSD away from the kids so i didn't damage them.
Love is a feeling.
He actually listened to me. Told me i wasnt crazy. Listened. I could feel it.
I dont know.. i began questioning what love really was.. His eyes.. the lightning.. the feeling i got when i was near Him.. drew me to him.
So i talked to others. Anyone who would listen. I started questioning if it was really a loving marriage.
Told me i was crazy. Said everything that had happened to me was just made up and/or that i had wanted it.
So he encouraged me to take hormones which made me lose 90% of my sense of smell.. sexually manipulated me. Guilted me into doing it.
He thought more sex was the solution, and since i didnt want sex with him, there was something wrong with me.
I cried. I begged. I told him something was wrong. But Taureans are stubborn bullheaded indulgent and blind to what they dont want to see.
They dont know 10 previous years of emotional abuse. What kind of inner barriers i had to fight to question if what was happening was right.
Trolls probably think they did a good job punishing some wife with no morals who strayed.
I just wanted to know if it really was him on here.
So i came back. Left the note.. and she found it. I never meant for it to escalate like it did.
And i grew tired of the ambiguity surrounding online communications.. and the trolling just kept going and never letting up.
And so the trolling continued.
Because the words before, "never come back" had been so ambiguous. And his eyes..
And i was completely crushed..
But then, someone on here said.. "You know i didnt mean it like that.." It messed with me.
So, yeah. When he told me, "Never come back here again.".. i believed him. It crushed me. I was in shock for about two months before it hit.
Capricorns.
I totally take everything they say seriously. I completely respect anyone with Saturn as their ruling sign. Thats gotta be tough
Ok..so theres a drive to "experience life"..thats great but that could mean so many things such as a hedonistic roman empire type lifestyle.
I dont usually look at the love focused horoscopes, but those are interesting. Maybe i can use that energy to find a dream job.
My mom is a Capricorn. Never let us close. Always at arms length emotionally.
Those people who have trouble separating business time and personal time. Always professional. Appealing, but annoying.
I could be just an overly naive, trusting, and open Aries though.
Capricorns.. 
High and mighty, aloof and self important. Let people in. Everyone has worth, don't be so judgemental. It might help you.

Like.. why you has no drive or ambition?
That was because i saw these. 
Sagittarius seems like theyre all play no work. Must be frustrating getting things done with someone who just wants to chill or goof off.
@nadiyashah whats your sign?
@derekrobertson @CECHR_UoD lmao
@derekrobertson @CECHR_UoD 
Something I might actually be in tune with.
I know some of you might not know what *just* happened, but some others might. It'd be interesting if it actually panned out.
Just.. LoL.
Just ask a direct question and you will get a direct truthful answer.
I think i bent my brain to hard reading that. I automatically empathize with what i read in order to understand and that was.. out there.
"@voxdotcom: 9 questions about furries you were too embarrassed to ask 
Furries. Just wow. <NEUTRAL FACE>
Love, lust, and friendship relationships. 
Love coffee with Jesus. So great.
Lol 
@nadiyashah and, finally!! The truth comes out!! Although I think the whole justice thing skipped me last week, hoping for better this week.
@nadiyashah you look amazing in all of your videos, but I think I like this look the best.<HEAVY BLACK HEART><THUMBS UP SIGN>
@CECHR_UoD ah, nm.. they are thinking about it.
@CECHR_UoD need to make it rail.

Phone cameras need to auto focus on cats.
I've got dated original audio recordings of his emotional instability and showed them to them.
Getting real tired of injustices.
Which isnt even a legal recommendation.
Guardian ad litim recomended that my husband get custody completely based on his financial stability, with no account of emotional stability
Turning him, and the guardian ad litim over to the bar association.
So, deciding my lawyer is yet another person who said he would help me only to use me. As if i needed someone else in my life like that.
Kinda kills the thought pretty darn quickly.
Yeah, no. Pretty much every time I think about talking with ambiguous people on here now, all I can imagine them being is one of my rapists.
I must be losing braincells. Keep misusing words.
Lot of people who say theyre behind me, not alot of people who will walk beside me.
Passion, check.
Drive, check.
Focus.. eh could be better.
Support.. need board members.
Need people who act not just talk.
@bokuit thankyou.
@bokuit that usually means there is something to learn. The prevalence of frustration means there needs to be growth.. im just not seeing it
What can I do to help myself achieve what I want to, what am I doing that isn't leading to success?
I know I'm not asking for things i shouldn't be. I see others achieving what I want to all the time.
I know that's comparing, but still..
Seems like I've had such a long time of just being told "no" all the time.
I would love to have a long stretch of time where I was actually allowed to achieve what I wanted to.

It seems like fate always intervenes.
But im sure people have known that for a while.
Job creators dont make very good jobs.
Other people may be able to gloss over taking advantage of the elderly and selling them life insurance, but i just cant.
The only entrepreneurial work it seems is insurance sales.
I am not afraid of hard work or learning.
I have an aversion to having doubts about the integrity of the work, and a sick feeling of taking advantage of others for corporate profits.
Theres got to be something out there that makes a difference and pays well.
Something that actually accomplishes something. That really helps. Just.. a job.. for Pete's sake..
Something not in sales.
other peoples suffering or fear.
Something that doesnt line the pockets of the already wealthy.. something that is honest, has integrity, and doesnt feed off of..
..independence, and autonomy, doesn't have a strict routine, and helps cure the source issues affecting society?
Is it so much to ask for a well paying job that directly builds the community, helps people, animals, and the environment, allows for..
I just want honest work.
@iamfabrizio I am well, signore. Wishing you a lovely day. 
I do believe I'm done getting hurt, having my mind played with, having my heart twisted and crushed, my soul beaten.
I don't deserve it.
Should i be grateful for being lied to?
They probably would have continued with the lie if i hadn't.
Or it was because i directly asked.
This last guy atleast made no such claim. But i guess the others had realised from the start that they had no chance unless they did.
They were never even truthful about who they were. Always leading me to believe it was Him.

I can no longer be moved by the unseen without first being able to touch what can be seen.

It doesn't work anymore.
Everyone is "worth" the tears, if they learn compassion from someone else's pain.
If I knew for certain the tears I cried brought a resolute redemption to those who would use love in order to hurt, I'd cry oceans.
Whomever has been purposefully lying to/hurting/crushing me.. I feel sorry for them.
.@nadiyashah boy if this isn't serendipitous to what i was just saying, i don't know what is.
More to the point, why should i trust when I've been hurt over and over by the likes of you?
Why should i trust you?
What has been done to earn it?
There is an uneven amount of information disclosure.
You know an awful lot about me, and i know practically nothing about you.
@nadiyashah so true.
Not that I'm keeping track but that's two strikes against you.
1 you don't know what real love is.
2 you don't know about generosity.
Also extremely wary of those who only give with the expectation of reward.
Having cultivated a belief that the gift is in the giving, you have to be wary of those who only take and never give.
Not talking to the people I usually thank.
Guess it works out well then.
I've stopped expecting anything other than empty promises and hollow words.
What you have actually given?
Horoscopes for today. Make it a good Monday. Think positively and positive things will happen. 
This is so me. #Facepalm 
Isis got her staples out today. <GROWING HEART><CAT FACE>
I really hope this doesn't get blown out of proportions into something it isn't.
Yes, i noticed fabrizio talking to himself earlier. Was quite amusing.
Is it difficult when the person who's account you are using as a cover notices you using it? Or does it show as a different account to them?
Maybe someone needs to learn what love really means?
I've already come to terms with knowing the one I love doesn't love me.
And that it doesn't matter.
I will always love him.
Love isnt a decision.
Love is a feeling.
Its either there or it isnt.
Its either passionate, illogical, irrational, irrevocable, or it isnt.
Wishing you peace, love, and gratitude in all the lessons you need to learn. 
Should i be grateful for that?
It wasn't so long ago that i felt free, uplifted, empowered, and hopeful. Someone took it upon themselves to try and crush all of that.
Should i be grateful for that added stress?
The last thing i need right now is to have my heart twisted or my mind played with amidst everything going on.
Maybe ill just stay off of social media all week.
My horoscope tells me the only thing that is going to happen this week is someone is going to give me a false sense of security.
Wondering why i should build bridges instead of burning down the last one left.. and you say i should be grateful.
So, here i am. Living through it. Entrenched in my own little fortress.
Yes, I'm grateful for all the lessons I've learned. I've learned that every hope I've had can be crushed, but i can live through it. Thanks.
Is bs.
Especially when you mess with my heart... and then when i shut down, push away, and build walls you tell me i need to build bridges.
Im just tired of being messed with.
-.-
@nadiyashah in any case, thank you.
@nadiyashah *think i started watching a year and a half ago.
@nadiyashah im hoping this next three years will be better.
@nadiyashah giving advice, perspective, and hope when i needed it.
@nadiyashah also, would like to thank you for your videos. The past three years have been a bit of hell, and they have been there..
@nadiyashah  when you interpret Aries' Venus it's switched for me.
Money/love usually ends up love/money.

Is interesting.
So, how would you get to me if i close myself off from everyone and simply comment on and retweet news like a bot?
I dont Need to follow anyone. I dont Need to see affirmations all the time.
I like being around uplifting people, but i know true happiness and inspiration comes from within.
How will you mess with me if i stop following anyone and just focus on my interests and work?
You were all over the map with that? Is this multiple choice?
Its not like this is stuff i haven't said before..?
After I do that, maybe the guilt of their next victims wont haunt me. Maybe the good things will come forward.
An opportunity to stand against the wrongs of the world, and make it right.
An opportunity given by the person who did harm to you, to show your strength and courage.
If you don't agree, just want to bury it, think of it as an opportunity to do something good for someone else they may never know about.
You arent allowed to put it behind you until you do.
When bad things happen to you because of bad people, there is an obligation to make sure they cant do that to anyone else.
Getting the mountain of bad stuff taken care of and put away so i can start seeing the good stuff.
Um? Gross. Pretty childish. Is there a reason you dont want me in that group?
So, no.. i don't have a very optimistic view for my love life.
My standards and expectations are too high.
In any case,
The person I would open my life to doesn't exist.
I don't believe love like I feel for Him happens twice in a lifetime.
Bit serendipitous.
New "Bird-Friendly" Wind Turbines Come to California


Isnt that what i was just saying?
Thats fine and all.. but im not going to search for it. Im done having false hope in unreliable people.
I don't really see a reason why I should.
#Caturday catlady starter kits. 
Maybe ill add to my cat lady starter kit.
Very pessimistic about my love life. I dont intent on opening up my life to anyone after my divorce. I dont care who they are.
Well thats true for me, atm. But i have good reasons to block those things from my life.
Im really hoping this doesnt get blown out of proportion like everything else that involves him seems to do.
I really dont know what to say to that.
...
Try to tell my dad and he wont have it. Says he doesn't judge and has a good idea of what went on anyway.
Bach was an Aries. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
I accomplished many things before everything got real.
I'm capable of pulling off miracles.
If only i can get myself into a place to do it.
-.-
And all i had was my agility and my two foam swords. They never had a chance.
No shit! there i was.. surrounded by four dark dwarves with hammers and axes.. all keen to make elf sludge out of my innards.
@homesitter_ i forget thats how alot of men think. In anycase the answer is no. I converse I dont flirt. Go elsewhere for flirts.
@homesitter_ that's a condition brought on by culture/society forcing over sexualization into everything we see. Not all men are like that
@homesitter_ 
1, hes not gay
2, i thought you just wanted to talk, not hit on
3, what gave you the belief i wanted to flirt?
4, no.
@homesitter_ lol what?
@homesitter_ *shrug* think what you like.. i shouldnt have suggested him without consulting him first.
@homesitter_ lol no, thankyou. Very tempting, but I'm on follow hiatus right now.
@homesitter_ im not following alot of people right now.
Never really a good time to inform your father of these things.
Truth is truth, though.. but does he need to know?
He may not even change his opinion of me.. i dont really know.
#Aries struggles.
Would it be selfish of me to want to tell him the truth so he might have a better understanding, opinion of me, even if it might hurt him?
Stop blocking my connection demmit
It may not be the best decision health wise for my dad, but i think after some reflection, the truth does need to come out.
@homesitter_ here's to hoping your Friday is full of drunken honesty.. if not with other honest people, then by yourself.<HEAVY BLACK HEART>
@homesitter_ it takes bravery to put the truth before your own comfort. It takes alot to be truthful, especially with yourself.
@ichbindaswalros @recoveryspirit snow here this morning as well. nice compact one day representation of the change from winter to spring.
@ichbindaswalros @recoveryspirit much love to you two. Happy Friday. Happy Spring Equinox. <CHERRY BLOSSOM><HEAVY BLACK HEART><CHERRY BLOSSOM>
@homesitter_ i don't fall into the lesbian category.. Thank you for going outside of your comfort zone for me.
@homesitter_ tips on consent and tea. 
@homesitter_ 
He might not have known what had happened anyway.
Just realised. No, that wasn't directed at anyone in particular. Was just thinking. Anyway those circumstances were vague.
If there are men who believe rape is wrong, and they don't stand up for that belief.. alot must not have good character or integrity.
You can tell about a persons character in how they strongly they stand for what they believe in.
Kills the economy, creates poverty, homelessness, suicide.. how is it funny?
And some men think rape culture is a joke.. it destroys lives and people.. mothers, daughters, families..
1 out of every 3 women in the uk.. 1/2 of women in France.
Just.. is there actually a subculture of men who have respect for women as people and I'm just not seeing it?
I wonder if men who stand up for women not being raped are seen as betrayers of their sex by other men.. there are so few of them.
Maybe then ill get board members and 501c3 status.
I saw somewhere you can incorporate without more than one person.. hoping it goes through.
In other news, sent in articles of incorporation.. hoping they wont notice its just me signing off on it... although obvious ..
If it does that regularly, what would happen if i did tell him.. just cant.
He got stints in a few years back.. i went to visit with my brother in the hospital. His heart palpitated more when i was around. Was funny.
Ive never told him the truth. I dont know what hed say. Hes got a bad heart, too.
But i don't think its based on facts.
Dont know what to say to my dad.. or even if i should try to say anything. He loves me, but doesnt have a good opinion of me..
Well, that went..
Happy Spring Equinox, though. 

Happy Spring Equinox!

Today is a very special day where we... 
@OpenEyesTo <YELLOW HEART>
Really, really, really hard to remember anything good about my past. The bad is so loud it overwhelms everything.. cant hear anything else.
Have to have more confidence in myself.
Glad I've learned not to let other peoples denial of reality to affect my own judgement.
Trying to atleast.
So tired of taurean bs.
Stubborn mentalities cant face realities.
Im probably alot like that on different levels though.
Tried to tell Taurus about that one when it happened. But he told me i was crazy. Told me to shut up. Said it didnt happen.
Will be great when i can put everything behind me and try to focus on pulling the good things from my past forward.
He got banned though, and i think they started screening backgrounds after that.
He was wearing a shirt that read "silence! or i kill you." i think he thought it was funny.
Was terrified when i told one of the people who ran the camp after i learned about him being a sex offender.
Going to try to keep Him out of it as much as possible.
He shouldn't be allowed to be doing this to women.
I remember a couple months before he had told me in detail about a gun he had. It was a veiled threat for what was to come.
The fact is that its not the most traumatic way its happened to me. Maybe thats why it didnt impact me as much. Doesnt make it ok.
It shouldn't happen to anyone else.
I just remember it happened. I know it wasnt consensual.
I really dont remember much about that day, or what was going on at that time.
I dont want him involved at all. Wish he hadnt been.
I have to go finish a statement today. Going to try to keep him out of it as much as possible.
Going to try and get outside today and lay siege to the garden. Should be interesting.
My poor little Isis. Her staples come out Monday. 
Twitter lessons.
Don't chase things or people.
If its meant to be, its meant to be.
Never regret. At one time it was exactly what you wanted
@AlongsideWild

Saw this and thought of you. Im sorry. LoL
Hindsight is 40/40 with rose colored glasses.
They should have attempted free healthcare for pets before they did it for their owners.. just to work out all the kinks in the system.
Spontaneous oatmeal raisin chocolate chip cookies.

I maded dem.
Deleted it. Those bastards.
Is that better?
Nothing has even moved forward.
Everything I've wanted to get done just ended up getting more complicated and aggravating.
I am so very frustrated right now with everything just not working.
I did promise someone i would never stop tweeting..
So, what? I don't get list privileges because i wont follow people?
Its always like that for me with everything i really want to do. Things that make my soul light up are the hardest things to accomplish.
Even if all we did was talk, i never regretted what i had to do in order to do it.
Just like trying to get to see Him. It was always a gritting teeth miracle just to see him for ten minutes.
Thats how everything is for me. When i really want something... anything.. the universe makes it nearly impossible to do.
Remember how everything blew up, and i had to fight to be able to achieve going at all?.. then in the end it worked out.
No. Its like this with everything i do. Just like the first day of the food council..
@Greenpeace srsly, tho.. use the land for solar panels if it isnt able to be replanted and turned back to nature.
@Greenpeace put some windex on it.
People who love navigating paperwork and legal jargon.. i dont get you.
Especially when other things are so derned difficult all by themselves without help. As if we needed added difficulty.
Redtape, or when simple things are purposefully made harder than they need to be. I cant stand. I just cant. Why? So incredibly stupid.
And their website is down, they have no paperwork, and my lawyer is perpetually unavailable.
Try to petition for a court hearing so i dont get found in contempt for not paying for groceries because i don't have unemployment coming in
Go to startup advisory meeting, their recommendation; get a board together.

Isn't that what I've been trying to do?
I don't think Aries bash their heads against things because they want to, but because they Have to. I swear, nothing is ever easy.
One thing I've learned over and over on twitter is, if you've got something important to say, don't do it through text.
Either way, i tried to tell people my life was in upheaval. I tried to tell them alot of things.
You can deceive yourself in real life for that matter.. just easier to do on the internet.
Truth should be part of the foundations for relationships. Love is another part. Without truth you can fall in love with a lie you create.
You fill in with yourself your own interpretation of what people say, and how they act. You cant see reality for what it is.
The internet is not the place to start a relationship. You cant see eyes.. feel a person as you can in real life. Its too ambiguous.
I tried to tell people.
Quite annoying, really. I wanted to see Lestat the rescue animals picture.
And.. just found 5$ while cleaning up the tardigrade while waiting.. wewt.
And now.. picking up the kids. 
Pta fees are now paid for, tomorrow need to sort eggs, find spoons and prizes for 25+ students. Also have a few appt. to go to.
Couldnt do that with the 401k.. oh no. Spent $38,000 in six months on what?
So now that needs fixed.
He let the floor in the kitchen rot away while i was gone for two years. Was because our roof was damaged in a hail storm couple years back.
And hes got all the insurance info and everything for the other stuff.
Need to confirm kids class pictures pricing because taurus wont.. i paid for one, hes supposed to do the other..
Need to call about getting roof/floor fixed because taurus wont, need to call about kids dentist because taurus wont,
Jersey rather =p
Suing case mail received, i dont have to travel back to kersey for the case, but i have to send over evidence.
Nonprofit mail received, needs resent, again.. lawyer too busy to talk with me, Isis fed and has tinkled but as of yet no pupu.
House is almost cleaned, library books rechecked out, appointment made with rape #3 jurisdiction #3 to complete the statement,..
Although little girl blue jeans nowdays have -the- cutest sparkly designs on them. Where was this when i was little?
#Parentingprobs #kneelessjeans
Little girls bluejeans are made from wafer thin materials and my little girl rough and tumbles holes in everything she wears in two seconds.
Ugh. Why is it that little boys bluejeans are heavy duty fabric and my little man is so fastidious he never rips or tears his clothes.. yet
I would really love a seasonal gardening or parks job.
Worrying about my debt too, still have around 1500 in studentloan, 250 in car insurance, and will have to find a way to fund my other bills.
Would have been too expensive anyway. But jeez at least i have health insurance now.
They closed my case. <CONFUSED FACE> i wanted to go back and get help for boosting my confidence and stress management, but they closed my case.
And waiting on my file from the councillor i went to while i was in the battered women's shelter so i can prove I'm mentally stable in court
Oh, and waiting to hear the outcome for the reason i was terminated from my last job. The guy reopened and is suing.
Probably having second thoughts now, arentcha... <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
And then theres the whole twitter, social media fiasco where someone who wants to get to know me is trying to get me to open up to them.
And think about if i want him in jail or not.

Also need to sit down and read the books on nonprofiteering
And, at some point, I've got to sit down and listen to the arguments i have recorded to see if i have Taurus admitting to inter marital rape
And try to start riding my bike again so im in shape for the bike trail thing i want to go to.
And keep an eye on isis.
And clean the house, do dishes, help my daughter with her homework, organize a egg spoon relay for the pta spring party..
Group that the man from united way who stoled my ideas was from to see if theyll help me.. still have to find a job.. and garden the yards.
Registering with a fundraising association, waiting for some mail to come in for my nonprofit, have to go back to the same business advisory
I have to prod my lawyer to move things forward, have to close out my consignment account because no money, last unemployment check comes in
This particular week, what is on my mind..
3 rape investigations I've opened, my daughter going to child services about possible molestation
Same thing with finding a job.
Maybe i should try... *bonk*
Well how about.. *bonk*
What if i asked.. *bonk*
Social media could.. *bonk*
Not doing anything. Spinning my wheels and waiting for opportunities to strike, then bashing myself into them like birds against the window.
Atleast he did laundry.
House is a complete wreck because i was with Isis the last two days, and Taurus cant figure out what cleaning is. So. Cleaning.
Isis at vet for checkup. Getting an e collar, nausea pills, antibiotics, and is doing very well they say.
That might mean my Venus is flipped in interpretation.
Walked away from a person or relationship  knew wasn't quite right - the insurance job.
Different perspectives.
Big risk i got rewarded for - bringing Isis home instead of leaving her at the hospital.
Id appreciate it if you didn't kick it up a notch in a negative way. <THUMBS UP SIGN>
That'd be super.
You, sir/mam/all/nothing/love/energy-thing are disappointing to say the least. Kick it up a notch.
Universe, when I'm trusting you to be wise and loving, expect more from you than you have been giving.
I appreciated the heck out of her beforehand. I dont know where the universe was going with that lesson, but it sure depleted our funds.
...yeah.. thats how im feeling right about now.. grateful? Yes, im grateful my cat is alive, but she might go septic at any time.
Messing with lolcats is just twisted, universe. Thats crossing the line.
And dont mess with my cat either! Wtf was that all about?? Now shes got staples all down her belly and is thin as a stick!
How bout you open doors for me when it comes to this nonprofit im starting up. give me a honest job with a living wage until its stable.
Thats just not something im into.
No, i dont want to sell insurance to businesses so that a company can make tons of money off of other peoples misfortune.
Seriously. You could atleast give me a job without being surrounded by shady people with greasy smiles and insidious eyes.
Great job pressuring me with my unemployment running out, too, universe. Thats a nice touch.
And the turn over rate was phenomenal. If that is the big opportunity the universe has in store for me? Thats some bs right there.
The risky venture that was presented was a commission only insurance job that had no paid training that i had to spend money on.

Where im at right now -
Fairly certain the universe is messing with me.
@nadiyashah please make a discount priced personal horoscope for those of us who have no money and actually need advice.
You might have had everything, but i didnt. Does that help to show you my point of view?
I dont know anything about how to get where i am going. Im working from square one. Making it sound easy is insulting.
And that i never engaged in conversation at school unless someone approached me. I kept my head and eyes down from fear of being teased.
That the place i spent most of my time in was out in the woods away from everyone.
You guys do realise that i grew up and learned never to ask for anything because sometimes we couldnt afford food, right?
Seriously, its like people have no concept of what its like not to have money, connections, or be groomed for business their whole life.
Stuff is so easy if you just talk about it.
<GLOWING STAR>Blizzoaw<GLOWING STAR> just gained support and major funding from the community and started projects all around the city.
<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN>Shazam<HIGH VOLTAGE SIGN> just filled out an entire 501c3 application in 3.14159 seconds.
Ill just magically pay myself a living wage until my boardmembers materialize out of thin air.
I may have the capacity, but capacity without the right opportunities or support
doesn't go anywhere.
Take a look from my point of view, then suggest something.
In celebration of National Pi Day, we tip our hat to 3.14 #HappyPiDay 
Atleast I'm learning from this, how little financial assistance there is for pet owners with low income. And how exorbitant the fees are.
Isis update; made it through the night. Shaky but showing affection. Cuddling on a heating pad on low. Still wont eat or drink.
Apparently cant afford to keep her here all weekend, so Isis is coming home with pain meds against medical advice.
Isis now at an emergency pet care facility. Going to be here all weekend. Poor little space kitty not quite back yet. Still is not stable.
Isis made it through, though not breathing on her own, cold, been under a long time. Lost some intestinal track. Very perforated.
Still bad.
Isis might not make it.
Isis update; going in for obstruction surgery. Tried to eat and drink yesterday, threw it all up last night.
As if i needed another reason to dislike twitter. Is there any way to undelete a post?
Someone's been deleting my idea posts.
"@Missederve: Grand Teton National #pics #traveling #vacation 

Nice angle.
If you didn't guess, the answer was no.
Why would i even consider opening my heart to someone when the thing i need to be most focusing on is a job and my kids?
I'm not even involving my family in this, except to ask for job leads.
Only reasons I contacted him at all was to be sure he wasn't on here.
Only reason i mentioned him to the police was because it was the truth
Don't need a relationship complicating the turmoil I'm already going through.
I wouldn't even ask Him to take part.
Not going to happen.
If they actually thought i was a soul mate, they should have met with me eons ago instead of waiting until i was in desperation.
I have social anxiety. I'm constantly scared of confrontations, consequences, talking to people, giving speeches..yet i face it and i do it.
If someone thinks they are my soul mate and theyre too cowardly to confront me in person, Ive got some news for you. My soul isnt like that.
And being broke, without a job, with two kids to feed, house, clothe.. is not going to allow me to do that.
Id just like to be able to love.
Everyone.
In my own ways.
Without being misconstrued, misunderstood, or taken advantage of.
Id like to help
No, seriously. It actually doesn't help.
Isis update; still not taking food or water. Taking her to the vet again tomorrow.
"@ZaibatsuPlanet: belvedere in Toscana by skassato #photo 

Tuscany! Nice version.
Another reason i don't trust it.
I don't expect an answer. When it comes down to it, noone is able to help, and twitter is definitely not a place to look for it.
Unless things change for me within a week things are going to get much worse.
@KofiAnnan free higher education is a prerequisite for an educated society.
Tell me how to take a first step when there are no doors or windows open.
Im even trying to create my own opportunities through my own nonprofit because the opportunities offered arent going anywhere.
That makes no sense, personally. Ive been looking into and open to almost every opportunity i see.
Right now I'm working on orange. Talk to me about living and self actualization after I've gotten green secure. 
Tell that to homeless families.
The long arm of Restraint


This was nice.
If i fail, its not just me thatll be hurt. Cant go into risky jobs with no paid training.
@ichbindaswalros thankyou love and hugs. <YELLOW HEART> hope your day is as awesome as you plan.
Kind of hypocritical, don't you think?
Go on.. Tell me how you really feel.
Only if its from someone you actually know irl. Dont play games.
@LifeTipTrick true friends do not have alterior motives for being your friend.
I think I've had enough of that happen in my life.
The thing i was going to say.. sorry i got caught up in drama. 
Stop censorship.
@LifeTipTrick in making others happy, i find my own happiness.
I was going to tell a story.. almost forgot with all of the stress and report filing, and stuff.
Anyway, I haven't been home all day, but isis update; she hasnt moved from my bed. Wont eat, wont drink. <WORRIED FACE>
He had a history of it.
Dude was banned from that place anyway.. and no more others will get harmed there.
I just wanted to state my truth.
The other one that involved him.. he could say he was unsure what had actually happened, or that he didnt know..
Other people are having a mildly stressful day, like tests and spring cleaning.. an im over here like....

<FACE WITHOUT MOUTH>
Lol thanx. <SMIRKING FACE>
Even if the people from back when i was 17 know the police and fbi, atleast i tried. I did what i could to stop it from happening more.
Been a stressful day. Got 3 reports done, am unsure what to do about the other two. But atleast, now, some of it is out there.
Im just worried.
Lot of driving and talking.
Im busy today. Sorry if someone is asking.. give me a couple hours.
@Dammit__Woman i filled out a service evaluation survey and said my say. Is what the phone call was about.
@Dammit__Woman to who?
Was actually regional director for United way.
Found out that guy from the program i went to that was supposed to help me with starting up my nonprofit.. who stole my ideas,
Had a phone call.
No. Thats why im getting a divorce.
I have a story to tell. Not right now tho. Later.
@LifeTipTrick #protip <THUMBS UP SIGN>
@LifeTipTrick actually, nice guys always finish last. They let their partner Come first.
@CECHR_UoD @UglyFruitAndVeg is it bad of me to ask if they are gmo, or geo?

I can love him, as I always have, as i always will.
I gave up trying to get him out of my heart. Hes was meant to be a part of it. I dont really see a need to try.
Love without attachment for me, means I will always love him, but not need to be with him.
Lemme splain... no, lemme sum up.
I dont think you understand.
@CECHR_UoD have they never heard of freedom of speech?
@CECHR_UoD ugh. Biofuels.. just.. stahp. We dont need you.
If that was directed at me, i think we all know how well attempting that went.
Still not eating or drinking, but has antibiotics and is rehydrated.. hence the lump.
She was dehydrated over the weekend, wouldnt take food or water and was sleepy and listless. Had me very worried.
Isis update: maybe feeling slightly better but now has a huge lump and looks like Igor. Has a bladder infection.
I just dont want it to happen to others if i can do something about it.
Why "He" never said anything about it? I can understand. I forgive. It takes guts to take action. Not resentful.
Am actually thinking of pressing charges for intermarital rape, and other instances of nonconsent. Particularly one "He" was aware of.
#Consent 
Actually havent engaged in anything since.. december 2013, thankyou very much. And that was non consensual.
Harsh. Yeah, dont take back cheaters. If you are in a clearly defined, secure, trusting, loving relationship and they stray..they dont love.
Like, really people? Its blatant. People talk about it all the time.. noones done anything?
The ideas im providing are positive. Its just annoying seeing people fixing what the city should be instead of digging up corruption.
Fun times.
Arguments with city council peoples, emailing private investigative reporters to snoop around for corruption, spouting off ideas in forums.
This is so me right now. Tons of ideas i wish i could implement. 
@MikeBloomberg @RahmEmanuel @ericgarcetti @MayorMikeDuggan
much appreciated. <GROWING HEART>
@MikeBloomberg @RahmEmanuel @ericgarcetti @MayorMikeDuggan all the wonderful things city kids do.
@MikeBloomberg @RahmEmanuel @ericgarcetti @MayorMikeDuggan things like bike tag relays, skateboarding, hoops, parkour, foot races..
Dear @MikeBloomberg, @RahmEmanuel,  @ericgarcetti, @MayorMikeDuggan,
Please make summertime Olympics for inner city kids to get involved in.
@ichbindaswalros thankyou, shes a very unhappy camper.
Also, isis is sick. Vet today.
So.. taurus lied. Whats new right? Well, he lied to the court. And i have proof. And now so does my lawyer.
Just a lol. 
Nah, i just have insomnia.
I have enough going on.. dont need anything else.
But if someone scares me, im definitely blocking them.
Thats ok.. everyone is on their own journey. Maybe they will reflect and see, maybe they wont.
They probably havent thought about how negative or damaging, or scary their thoughts and preferences are,to themselves and those around them
Nah, i dont do that.. its more like, i know i take things much more seriously than other people do.
And that other guy who's the owner and manager of a gentleman's nightclub and wanted to follow me, but idkwtf he is.. just.. no.
Sorry, I'm really judging that guy that wanted to follow me, but posts about horror movies, dying, and his entire fam wears camo. Just.. no.
If you want any thought at all from me, behind a screen isn't the way to get it. Cowardly and insincere.
I have no respect for someone who hides behind a screen.
Then dont be a phone.
Its hard to open up to a phone.
Are you saying i have one? Or you do?

#internationalwomensday 
Jeez. Viking women don't mess around.
You're right. They are powerful. It cannot always be sunshine and rainbows, though. 
@CECHR_UoD bonne voyage!
Is someone being passive aggressive?
~Tada!~
Organic homemade peanutbutter chocolate chip oatmeal cookies. 
So thats why they want the dot...
I am the Pope of Cats &amp; every damn is caturday for all I care for time correctness. <KISSING CAT FACE WITH CLOSED EYES> 
Just.. ok, they want to be like that? Fine. Be like that over there. Ill be over here not thinking about them.
Even then I'm only angry in the moment of discovery, and just cut them out of my life. No grudges. No resentment.
I actually like everyone, unless they are really horrible to me, use me, or try to twist my truth.
Unless they have a striking feature. Not really relevant, just stating a thought.
Looks aren't important to me. I rarely remember people based on what they look like. it's all in what they feel like when interacting.
I dont do selfies. I hate having my picture taken.
Helping people understand.. understanding brings peace for all involved.
@LifeTipTrick other really strong stuff.
@LifeTipTrick havent gotten it back since, though it might have improved slightly. I can smell oranges, and roses if i put them on my nose.
@LifeTipTrick 90% of my sense of smell was lost when my husband encouraged me to start hormone therapy because i didnt want sex with him.
@JoeyTweetsIt plot twist. Wall run. 
@LifeTipTrick being confident, aware, with selflove, and trust in your partner.. yes, never cheat.
@LifeTipTrick without actually knowing what those terms ment.
@LifeTipTrick with a suspicion that the relationship was infact merely emotional abuse, mental manipulation, and sexual abuse.
@LifeTipTrick and you want to be sure you know what real love feels like before you divorce him and risk the chance of his suicide.
@LifeTipTrick unless you have children with the person, and think he might kill himself if you broke up with him.
@LifeTipTrick unless your best friend turns out to only be using you for sex, while you realise what love actually feels like from another.
Yeah, no im not endorsing that. Not accurate.
Id never be able to know if i were right or wrong anyway.. so whats the point in assuming or questioning?
Lookie, I did a horoscope thing.
Love and hugs. <YELLOW HEART> 
@Pontifex Christ, Buddha, flying spaghetti man, Yahweh, Shiva, Satan, the universe, can we just call it 'love' and call it a day?
@wuyinfinity you're*
Broken women cant lead men to their souls. Aimless men don't know how to protect women.
All goes back to that proverb. 
Men are like, "women are just crazy."
Well duh. You would be too if you had their life.
Not a gender based issue. Most people look toward women as if they should just be able to withstand all the crap thrown at them.
Pretty sure, statistically, women who are treated with dignity, love, and respect their entire lives don't have that problem.
How to get a good nights sleep;

1) Have a stable life.
2) Don't worry.

Things are easy if you're just saying stuff.
Thats why i was in the shape of my life 2 years ago. It just feels empty and without purpose now.
@mohityofficial @ScrewedbyState dont nitpick the idea apart with details like how and where, is the idea a better one than the current sham?
@mohityofficial @ScrewedbyState community voting places like they do on election day. Maybe at libraries, schools, and government bulings.
@ichbindaswalros <YELLOW HEART>
I cant control anyone, but i can inform the heck outta them.
@ichbindaswalros Pepsi is bad for you anyway. Mebbe universe was trying to tell you to stahp. 
Yeah, no.
Blind optimism with no plan is naive and foolish at best.
I've never been known for my lack in naivety.
Faith in the universe.
Should I be worried that my unemployment runs out in two weeks?
Nah.
I'm just supposed to live in the moment.
@StevenHandel i cant stand not working towards a goal. Have to keep mentally or physically moving.
@StevenHandel i engage in illusionary work when my path is blocked by obstacles out of my control, and i cant see a way around.
@ONECampaign nm, its cleared on google, not on yahoo.
@ONECampaign they cleared that search entry. Go for - women are
@AlongsideWild @Meggiemoo90 @engeen very pretty.
I swear. Must not of had to do anything while i was gone, got tons of toys poured on them, and completely ignored.
-Clean your room.
-*Cries* but i want you to do it, not me.
-No, you are responsible for your room.
-*cries*But i cant do it my back itches.


*Sigh*
<UNAMUSED FACE>
In standing up for myself through anger, i feel arrogant and hurtful.
I dont like it.
@mohityofficial @ScrewedbyState with voting transparency, even should the program get hacked/votes miscounted, voters could check and know.
A problem I couldn't handle on my own. I guess my past was worth something good after all.
The only reason I came to realise he had never loved me was because I had ptsd from memories resurfacing.
No, that wasn't a message for anyone to come to my house. Its actually what my kids wrote.
We watched The Lorax last night. They had me draw them some truffala trees, then went on to improve them.
Found this - instantly brightened my mood "Dear pink tree, i want you to come to my house at 1:00.Love, orange tree." 
Im angry. I dont like being angry. Im going to go have some tea.
Which is ironic. I helped him improve one of his five senses while he destroyed one of mine. I lost 90% of my sense of smell because of him.
I even paid to get him corrective eye surgery so he didn't need contacts anymore.
Meanwhile, he's paid off all of his debt, left my student loans unpaid, while he told me and my family he had paid it off.
Im a bit agitated today. I dont think im being represented properly and everyone in court was skewing facts to promote Taurus.
And they were.
And people blame me for that then take his side.
Smh.
If i hadnt been trucking i would have been in a shelter for women.
Without atleast some sort of income..i shouldnt have gotten "Him" involved,i wanted to be damn sure my suspicions about real love were true.
Then i wake up to that fact after having two kids and absolutely no work experience. Know damn well i wouldnt be able to take care of them..
He used me for 15 years. He didnt give a damn about me. He just wanted someone to have sex with and clean his house.
People are taking his side just because i had an affair with someone i was in love with, after i realised Taurus didnt love and was using me
Apparently, Taurus spent $20,000.00 of the 401k in the last 6 months. Go him.
@mohityofficial @ScrewedbyState thereby effectively cutting out the corrupt middleman government officials.
@mohityofficial @ScrewedbyState a secure computer program that allows registered voters to directly vote on legislation and community issues
Tell me how you really feel. <SMIRKING FACE>
<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
@trutherbot does that mean you are going to take on building the program to phase out the need for elected government officials?
@Tryllan @trutherbot if you are trying to help the world, and have a cynical or negative attitude in speech, your efforts will be wasted.
In other words, if you see something, say something.
Everything you expose yourself to is going to teach something.Its going to shape you into something.Be aware who youre becoming @trutherbot
The scary part is watching others try to make people feel bad for taking it seriously. @trutherbot
The comments where people are sad after laughing, its like watching them realising their compassion &amp; empathy is dying. @trutherbot
Reading the comments reminds me how our society &amp; culture is geared toward pleasure in killing. Teaching apathy by videogame. @trutherbot
"@trutherbot: 
The things people find funny and entertaining say a lot about their values, empathy, and mental state.
@lovelysubdaphne don't press him though. Give him space if he needs it, but let him know you are there.
@lovelysubdaphne maybe point out why you think something isn't fine? Tell him you can feel his distress and would like to help.
@Xjmas @trutherbot ear..
Shook like a leaf the entire time. Very tired. Have an interview tomorrow.
Had a home visit with our guardian ad litim.  Said neither of us were emotionally ok to take the kids. Taurus has advantage because employed
I need more options.
@ichbindaswalros sounds like a native name.


At any given moment, 
@CodeNonProfit your site is identified as harmful and insecure. Might want to look into that.
Probably will never get anywhere trying to open a nonprofit while attempting to be myself at the same time.
The silence is deafening.
On a scale of 1 to 10 id say its a 5.
Scary, attempting to mass show the people i know who i am inside.
I think two is my limit for people talking to me, more than that and I start visibly shaking.
Definitely possible to die from social anxiety. Arg. 
My dads cat. 
@lovelysubdaphne Hoping you are able to find a way to bring comfort to the one you love.. sometimes just being there or listening is enough?
@ichbindaswalros <GROWING HEART>
@ichbindaswalros you were hospitalized?
@RnfrstAlliance @NatureWorldNews i heard Washington and northern California are running low on clam meat..
"@dodo: 18 cats who don't even look real 
@PlastiCastle ...in exchange for the Devil to learn, feel, know, &amp; keep real true love, gratitude, faith, trust, selflessness, &amp; compassion.
Not going to stop trying, but no options right now, no windows of opportunity, bad communication and no second chances.
<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> No idea how I'm going to get this to work. No connections, no community presence, and everywhere I turn are two faced people.
I tell people I'm looking for boardmembers for nonprofit, they look at me like I'm an evil genius looking for minions 
Donate to help fly rescued circus lions to their new sanctuary homes. 
@AlongsideWild @derekhennen 

@StealthBeth @EarthPixHD like tuscany for example, same angle every time.. ive only seen a few that are not the same.
@StealthBeth @EarthPixHD ive never been there and havent seen it from that angle before. Its nice to see different angles of areas.

My pretty little Isis. Happy #Caturday. 
Trutherbot know about that? Hes always talking about 9/11..
Id really love to be progressing with my nonprofit, but without being able to get board members, i don't know how.
@StealthBeth @EarthPixHD what are the falls in the lower right?
Goes along with this thing i wrote earlier. 
In making others happy, you can find greater happiness in yourself.
Something needing worked out -
I wish people would honor the man he was. Not the man he played. That's all.
But it isn't my legacy. It wasn't my life. It isn't for me to say what he would have wanted.Maybe he put a lot of himself into the character
Honestly, I'm disliking the fact that he's being remembered for a fictional character he portrayed, and not for who he truly was himself.
In honor of loaves.
Kittyloaf, bearloaf, deerloaf, buffaloaf. 
@ichbindaswalros @GabbyPalladino @Ajsoti @KNH4 @AlexisinNH @elizadushku @juliecastielle @Jackson_D_Chase @EveyJacob <VICTORY HAND><RELIEVED FACE>
The temperament of your pet says a lot about you. Some of these cat gifs trying to be funny are just horrible to watch.
Listening intently
to the sounds
of an empty house.
Clocks ticking
the cat gallops down the hall
but no words i hear
none at all
Dont let me distract you.. you were saying?
@ReutersOpinion if everyone focused on teaching problem solving solutions, instead of killing to mend hurts, we might see this trend fade
@ReutersOpinion the one thing they all have in common, what their cultural upbringing and education has taught them, is that its ok to kill.
.@CECHR_UoD this is incredibly insidious.

Well, that's scary.
Thats the only part i agree with.
Might be slightly statist because i do believe the basics, (food, water, healthcare, shelter) are rights.
See if people are nearly as volatile and set on hurting others.
Food. Water. Shelter. Energy. Safe place to live. The Four Freedoms. As detailed by Franklin Roosevelt. The basics. Give them that. Atleast
Give people the ability to be self sufficient and happy. Its not going to solve all the cultural problems and differences, but its a start
Just.. stahp. Not hard. Keep others from killing people with alternative solutions and problem solving..
Seriously tho, how hard is it not to kill people? Shouldnt war itself be a violation of human rights?
No, not a statist.
Only used in extreme cases where militant groups aren't able to be civil and discuss peace without killing people.
7yr #blockade must end

@guardian
Photo Mohammed Abed/AFP 
Not that Gaza is a city.. but you get the idea.
I wonder if the UN would be interested in training their forces to strategically create prison cities, like Gaza, only without the deaths.
<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
*Sweepingly solves complex realities with simple solutions.*
-Like a boss.
If nations could come together to fix problems with peaceful solutions, it might lead to less death, hate, and revenge.
Id say the most peaceful method for dealing with that threat is to secure them into a location, or locations and wait out their firepower.
Islamic state is a bit of a problem, if it is true they are only interested in the destruction of infidels, and not anything peaceful.
The responsibility is theirs. It'd be nice to see peaceful means used when conflict arises, instead of meeting it with more conflict.
People in power have the choice to solve problems with peaceful means, or with murderous ones, or by staying out of them.
Islamic state is coming around to become that, but by far, presidents and country leaders have a far larger scale than them.
"..One who will be worse than his grandfathers, uncles or fathers,
In steel, fire, waters, bloody and inhuman."
10
"Stained with murder and enormous adulteries,
Great enemy of the entire human race..."
The world has been so destructive lately, you could attach this to numerous people.

@loveevolve13 cant make them see or take a path that they aren't ready or willing to.
@loveevolve13 like youve said before, i think, everyone is on their own level of awakening or awareness. They have their own journey..
@loveevolve13 they have their purpose, though.. those who are capable of seeing that, don't fall for it, and those who aren't, do.
@loveevolve13 thats exactly why ive disliked them.
@loveevolve13 i think everyone got sucked into divine society and i stopped paying attention after that.
@loveevolve13 i think for a while it was mindfulness, or awareness, or selflove.. some thing like that.. bout a year ago.
@loveevolve13 then, everyone that was already into it started resenting all the noobs.
@loveevolve13 it did for a while, remember?
Especially when i feel i can accomplish so many good things.
I love being able to overcome challenges. Its horrible feeling held back for things beyond my control.
Fun times. It would have been nice without all of that.. but it made achieving it all so much better.
Then finally council meeting, worrying about what that new noise was that tardigrade was making.
Then have him yell at me more, back to the shop where they finish it just. At. 2. with no time left.. kids, taurus walking, switch vehicles.
Then find a tow truck, wait worrying about it being the alternator or the battery or a short, and fret about having to pickup Taurus at 12.
It wouldve been nice to not to argue in the morning, drop Taurus off, get kids ready after back home, drop them off then search for a shop..
Life loves to put really difficult obstacles in the way of me ever doing things that i think is moving closer to what i really want to do.
But besides all that, at the end of the day, i got to join a council, and found likeminded peoples and connections.
Smh.
He decided to walk for some reason and blames me for not waiting longer.. still picked him up at 3.
I waited until 230, asked a lady at the desk and he was supposedly staying until 3. So opted to pickup kids instead and come back for him.
Taurus got to therapy and back to work, but blames me for him not being done at 2.
Tardigrade is fixed, but repair guy broke something else.
Going to try and fix it myself tomorrow.
But all was achieved successfully.
So.. mostly everything i wanted to accomplish today got done. Mad dash from one thing to the next, not everything went according to schedule
Wave slushies off Nantucket
waves so cold they crest as slush 
Atleast he's going i guess. Even though he's said hell lie just to get them to think that he's ok. Got that recorded too. <CONFUSED FACE>
Wish i could be a fly on the wall for that.
Tardigrade in shop after some finagling, waiting for fixedness.
Need to pick Taurus up soon and take him to his first therapy session.
"@BestWorldPix: Im not fat, just a little husky. 

Omg so cute.
@OpenEyesTo love, hope, and hugs to you. <GROWING HEART> 
@OpenEyesTo 
@OpenEyesTo check anyway, been a while since i looked at it and may vary state to state.
@OpenEyesTo in sight or public area.
@OpenEyesTo yes legal as long as its puplic, conditions of new cpo state hes not allowed to interfere in gathering evidence.
@OpenEyesTo yeah. I was pretty terrified to tell him i was taping him every day. But it's the truth.
@OpenEyesTo hes an emotional abuser/manipulator and noone believes you if you dont have proof. Thats the only reason i record.
Im off to have a hectic stressful day hoping to get alot done in a short time.
Smh. Hoping everyone is having a good day. Use my day and think how yours is so much better. Be thankful for the peace and happiness.
Until the car was fixed.
And i drive him to and from work without complaining or argument.
Even after he recently wrecked the car because he was off drinking with his friends, following morning had icy roads..
Lets me use the car, though. Says he cant believe he still has to deal with my messes.
Gets really mad after i tell him ive been recording him all day every day.
Day starts with an argument. Taurus blames be for having a bad vehicle, yells at me, brings up everything under the sun because of it.
I just dont understand how he thinks i guess.
Technically everything is both of ours until we divorce, so nothing is anyone's solely.
For two, the vehicles loan is under my name. I let him have his name on the title, last year even though i knew i wanted a divorce.
Am i 'being nice' to him by watching the kids while he's not here?
For one, its not 'being nice' to me, its getting the kids to school.. isnt it?
I ask Taurus to use the other vehicle tomorrow to take the kids to school, and his response is, "why should i be nice to you?"
So.. tardigrade is out of commission, possible bad starter.
Amazing how the battery went from being at 100% all night long and then there's no charge within a few hours.
Got a neighbors help to pick up kids with me. Another neighbor had a battery charger, but its not charging past half.
#Teamwork
Soo.. tardigrade worked this morning, took its battery out and tested out at 100%, go to pick kids up from school, and its dead again.

@ASPCA can you guarantee that the dogs aren't going to be euthanized using donated money?
@StevenHandel @surprisinglives ofcourse, the outcome is relative to what influence and experience the person is open to. results may vary.
@StevenHandel @surprisinglives very. I recommend it to anyone looking to have a spiritual journey while seeing the beauty of America.
@StevenHandel @surprisinglives i came out of it very changed on many levels.
@surprisinglives @StevenHandel try driving otr long haul for two years with no radio, no co-driver. Lol
Well, that went well i guess. Better than it usually goes. Didn't suggest anything i haven't tried. Guess i just keep crashing into windows.
Just a way for pharmaceutical companies to get moar money.
I've always felt that medication for minor emotional and psychological conditions is for lazy people. 
Can tell myself not to panic, not to over think, or worry, but it doesn't stop my adrenals from going haywire. How do you stop that?
-"Just get over it!"
Fine! I will! <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE>
#Mindovermatter

Be nice if i got that whole communication and negotiation thing down magically.
#ITU50
Ive got a discussion/presentation i have to deliver via phone to someone about gaining support for my nonprofit.
Constantly forcing yourself to not think people are lying or insidious, makes you unable to trust your instincts when they are right.
What social anxiety is like - you know that queasy feeling you get when you think something isn't quite right? It like that with everyone.


If their favorite animal were in those conditions, would they care, then? The whole puppy mill outrage makes it seem like they would.
Would people see a beakless, footless, jailed, force fed chicken differently then?
Or countless cramped tiger cages to restrict movement, breeding and killing them solely for their parts..
For instance massive elephant farms that bred and slaughtered them strictly for ivory production with genetic modifications for larger tusks
I wonder if people would view poultry and livestock living conditions differently if compared with a different animal in the same situation?
My brother loves polar bears. I've been sending him all the stuff I find about them. 
My definition of sleep isn't my internal clocks definition of sleep.
Im going to try and get moar sleep.
Good night.
Just to test, and see? Is this love real? Or infact are they testing love itself? Maybe not intentionally.. but is what people like that do.
Why would someone want to continuously strain the love in a heart? Why would they want to play with and break someone?
@Samurai_Lucy ill say 'slow ride'. Im not very knowledgeable, tho.
Going to try sleep. Screen is killing my eyes. Hoping you guise are doing well on that project from last night. Stay safe. L&amp;H <GROWING HEART> bonne nuit.
I keep replacing parts and eventually itll be like new! Kinda like a regular new car payment.. every month gotta pay atleast 200 to fix it.
Tardigrades battery gave up the ghost, even though i got it not too long ago.. strange, but whatever.
What a day.
My head is exploding, and i found out what vertigo feels like. Love that pic. <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
Babysitting my nephews while brother looks over tardigrade.
Stubborn child research.

<BLOSSOM><CHERRY BLOSSOM><GROWING HEART><CHERRY BLOSSOM><BLOSSOM> 
@LateSophiete 
So now poor tardigrade is out of commission and I've got the other vehicle. Fun times. If this headache would go away, that'd be great too.
So had to enlighten him as to the recordings I have. I haven't heard from him, though.
Called up auntie Scorpio and she gives us a lift to school. Also found out that our guardian ad litim thinks everything ive said is hearsay.
So this morning, tardigrade decides that because of the cold, or some other reason, its going into hibernation.
I need a job where i get paid to create solutions and problem solve.
"@wef: Why you shouldn't give everything away at the job #interview 
I need to stop this

men belong in the kitchen. 

everyone belongs in the kitchen. 

kitchen has food
How do those guys even swim together without spearing eachother?
Help save the unicorn of the sea from big oil drilling.

Last thing i need is to be more involved in stressfilled discussions.. going to go meander off and kick rocks.
@Samurai_Lucy i see some are questioning your motives? There is a discussion as to weather it was right to dox?
@Samurai_Lucy 
Will this work for the anony side of this disagreement? &gt;&gt;@Anonymouscourt
@Samurai_Lucy he sounds like quite a special kind of guy. Good luck. Stay safe.
@Samurai_Lucy <YELLOW HEART>
@Samurai_Lucy havent seen all that went on, am just curious.
@Samurai_Lucy will authorities be notified? I'm sure harassing women isn't an allowed past time for a convicted rapist.
@Dina_Maron @sciam i wonder how similar the allergy to pollens is.

Ok.. i was just twittering. Did you have a question? or did you think i was talking to you?
Was i supposed to respond to something? Or did i miss it..
@dodo @nytimes @DxEverywhere someone should do a story on bee trucks. Im betting more than half of hives are lost in transportation.

@invisiblepeople broke link
You know its probably not going to be good whatever the outcome is. But are hoping for the lesser of the two.
Was like waiting to see which way the air would go after you hear your belly gurgle.
Glad to know he's ok too, though.
Silliness abounds.
Moments of wisdom with Isis. 
It may be that they just ate a ladybug and aren't feeling very accommodating. Your positivity may help to brighten their day.
When someone you interact with is in a grumpy mood, growls, and tries to claw you, give them kindness, compassion, and space.
@ichbindaswalros 
That whole thing where nonprofits arent allowed to lobby to enact change.
There should be as many petitions, and solutions offered as there are reports and articles about problems.
@HPLivingProg @ConservationOrg @GabiZed broken link.
"@Food_Tank: 8 ways that real families on real budgets can afford organic food 

Mike Martinez, Austin City Council member, former... htt…
Meh. So much for positivity. Lol
Was off in the dakotas somewhere coming across the plains. So was days from home.. ended up calling to make sure they were ok.
I couldnt hold them, i couldnt go check and see if they were ok. And i had dreamed that Taurus had done it to them, so i was scared to call.
I can remember one night out trucking, i had the most terrifying dream about my kids ever. I still remember it. I woke up sobbing.
But supposedly, that's a good thing. Doesn't help my insomnia, though.
Another fun fact about parenting is that you get incredibly scary dreams about your kids.
Glad a few anons pay attention to and deal with those sorts of things. Had a nightmare last night about my kids being doxed.
That article is truer than I'd like it to be. I've been noshing on pastas and carbs. Emotionally eating.. going to replace that with water.
New note to myself. 
I think i did alright, probably 2 months staying strong and one month to realise there was a problem.
Not really strange, i guess considering.

Its strange because it seems like Taurus sucked it all out of me.. right now he's acting calm and fine am I'm the one in a negative slump.
Am going to try and regain the positivity i had not so long ago. Might be shaky at first, but I am trying.
~Breathe~ 





Time to repair the armor, polish the shield, and stand back up.
Reading back, I can understand why I feel this way now. Alot of stress and worry. Alot of being beaten at and outside pressure.
That one was from back in December.

Remembering that place of complete self acceptance, love, and happiness. 

<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES> 
Rereading my thoughts during a time when I felt most at peace. Really helping to recenter. So glad i started using notebook.
I'm at the point right now where it hurts to smile at people like cashiers and in passing. Need to bring back a sense of positivity.
Much needed part of my life. 
Think Im going to refocus on positivity and peace again. Been alot going on lately to steer me off course from feeling it and expressing it.
Oscars are about as interesting as football is to me. Just more distraction from actual issues. Tons of money spent on something inane.
See? 
Naps count as meditation. 
@iamfabrizio <YELLOW HEART>
Scuse me a min. Afk.
@CaptainSamQuint 
@CaptainSamQuint nice pic of a sparkly joker lol. <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> everything is in interpretation. I cant determine your mental health for you.
10 to zen. 
The amazing power, meaning, intent, and force behind simple words.

I feel good about myself today 

2•22
@loveevolve13 there is a need to remain humble. Too much focus on inner or outer beauty can be vain or narcissistic.
@loveevolve13 indeed, inner beauty also controls outer beauty. 
Thoughts. 
@loveevolve13 men are psychologically visual creatures. That is why women focus on physical beauty.
@loveevolve13 if you arent attractive to them, that is one thing that they need, that you are not fulfilling for them.
@loveevolve13 that thing where you would want the person you love to have everything they deserve. Including a physically attractive partner
If I ever got another dog, I'd try for a white husky, samoyed, or malamute with blue eyes.
Someday, maybe ill take a weekend to myself and go rent a cabin in the woods during winter. Definitely need a hottub. 
Maybe the moonlight and stars overlooking a shimmery valley of field and forest. High above it all to better view. 
See the sun glinting off of icicles and sparkle on snow drifts. A pristine soft white blanket covering the world. 
I would love to be able to explore the woods in deep snow, and still stay warm. 
Something I wish I could do without having to brave the cold and be freezing wet.. 
Very Thankful for today. I got to #snugglepuddle with my kids enjoy their company. 
Why is Jupiter Not Bringing Me Good Luck?

Pertains to all, but very relevant to Leos. 
I love my kids
I love my dog
I love myself
I love all people 
(Even the ones difficult to love)

Everyone should…
Glad to see hes ok after a bit of halp.
Oh dear. Good luck guise.
So hard not to sound passive aggressive when you're asking for help and dont actually want them to help if they dont want to.
I didnt want to involve you at all or make you feel obligated to be involved..".
I told him, "If at anytime you dont want to help, or think an idea is bad, or wrong please speak up..
Didnt want to burden him with feeling obligated to help either. Also, was trying to keep it a secret from Taurus as well.
Earth Justice

Because the earth needs a good lawyer. <GRINNING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><EARTH GLOBE ASIA-AUSTRALIA>
#Epic
Giving in, cant let my pride get in the way of trying to help. Asked my brother for connections and help with my nonprofit. <WORRIED FACE><CONFUSED FACE>
4 ways to help #SaveThePangolins: 
All because you cant get people behind your ideas.
Anyway, I've got ideas on how to fix problems. Its really frustrating, and takes a toll on you when you know you could be helping but cant.
Communication never a strong point with me.
Not that those aren't rl, just closing my circle a bit.
I stopped watching alot of accounts, actually. I figured it was probably best to reserve my emotional fortitude for the issues going on irl.
There are alot of horrifying twitter accounts that detail raw stories of animal abuse and negligent conditions. I cant look at them.
<FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>
ASPCA Parents Holiday DIY Series
Create a Cozy Cat Tent

So, I go downstairs to get a tablet, lo and behold Taurus had people staying over again last night. No wonder the kids came and cuddled me.
@LateSophiete happy #caturday <GROWING HEART> 
I don't think its God that you ask forgiveness of, but yourself.
Goes back to that beliefs talk I had with Taurus some time ago.
Saying sorry and asking for forgiveness means nothing if you revert back to the same ways. There must be change.
Love Sherlock Holmes. <SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES><GROWING HEART>
I want to read that so bad.
#Caturday 
Lazy #Caturday 
#Caturday 
#caturday 
Laughing at my frustration is stress relief. <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE SAVOURING DELICIOUS FOOD>
If my eyes rolled any more than they just did, id have to duct tape them back into my head.
<THUMBS UP SIGN><OK HAND SIGN> its guaranteed to work. Totally.
Build your own change in your mind and maybe the rest of the world will catch up with you at some point and manifest your reality magically.
If you cant get three required board members for your nonprofit, just use the magic of imagination, and positivity and imagine theyre there!
@ichbindaswalros indeed i did. Lol
@ichbindaswalros i hear the menfolk truckers use 16oz soda bottles and just huck them out the window. Not recommended.
@ichbindaswalros be careful. It can be very draining if you arent used to it. Pace yourself and take as long breaks as you need.
@ichbindaswalros 14 hours is recommended. 2, 1 hour breaks, 8 hrs sleep, get up and go again.
I doubt anons would ever agree to something like that.
That might require some trust and a little more faith than I think can be mustered though.
Hmm..
*Starts nonprofit*
*Recruits help entirely from the out of work anon community*
*Fixes two problems with one go*
Misunderstanding, communication in general, has always been a challenge for me.. you guys dont know that by now?


I feel like a bird that keeps smacking into windows.
So infuriating.
Why... what makes you think you could ever finish the building?!?
But the building never gets painted...
We keep getting paid to paint this building, people get paid to supply us with paint.. just think of the job loss!
Just let me fix the problem! Jeez!

No, no! We wouldn't want that.. just imagine all of the businesses that would go under!
Them right now: no, no. Weve got it all under control. Trust us, and just watch us paint the same spot over and over.
Me right now: you guys are doing it all wrong. Give me the paintbrush and ill show you how its done.
Seriously. The problem isnt that hard to solve. So frustrating.
Grilled pineapple. Because winter. 
In that phase where every open door is just a window on the 50th floor that's been cleaned too well.
If you push everyone away, noone would get to know anyone.
@Samurai_Lucy so long as it is not forcibly taken, as in, in our bathrooms and bedrooms.
@Samurai_Lucy if we want transparency from our government, should we not also give transparency in return?
@Samurai_Lucy a thought.. is anti-surveillance like censorship, and if we wish to be truly censor-less, should we really mind surveillance?
I cant remember, whats supposed to happen to false prophets &amp; fake spiritual leaders? Those who use spirituality for profits? #DivineSociety
If you can extend an extra room, shelter, blankets, food, or heating, I'm sure you might make a difference in a persons or animals life.
Tonight and tomorrow, please keep in your thoughts those who do not have the comfort of a furnace or a roof to call their own.
Its so disheartening when i see spiritual people retweet divine society stuff.
And people just follow because they steal real philosophy from spiritualists and market it. Think for yourself. Feel for yourself. Jeez.
How gross.
Divine society.. ugh. Please. No more of those people. Such a sham. Not only a sham, but making bank off of a spiritual movement.
Extra "doing". <FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE>
Seriously, are there any intelligent, health conscious, aware people who meditate out there that don't do that?
My feed keeps filling up with random people doing drinking and doing drugs. Whats that all about?
Which kinda makes it even more absurd why he would ask how i can be congenial and still want to go through with a divorce.
Yup. Almost forget all the bad stuff. It's no wonder I used to just forgive and forget.
Oatmeal, peanutbutter, chocolate chips.
<COOKIE><COOKIE><COOKIE> kids love them.<THUMBS UP SIGN>
One thing I got done today was bake organic cookies. 
Good period when we aren't fighting or discussing. When he isn't projecting and being resentful. Makes me almost forget.
Everything that's happened between then and now has kinda deteriorated my efforts though.
I built my confidence and self esteem up while i was out on the road for a while. I could actually talk to people. I know i can do it.
These are some of the things I hope to heal when I'm out of this marriage. No use trying while I'm still in this situation.
Low confidence and self esteem is compounded by inexperience in business building and social interactions.
My anxiety stems from abuse during my upbringing, is compounded by current abuse.

@Samurai_Lucy smh lmao
@Samurai_Lucy 
@Samurai_Lucy @Popehat agree as long as it doesn't venture into verbal abuse where the recipient is incapable of logical defense.
The pain I've had isn't perceived. It was very real. It was not my imagination.
If i cant try for that, all the pain in my life will have been meaningless.
My happiness comes from knowing i can make a difference for the good of all.
If you don't try to make a difference, stop others from enduring it, you're saying that pain wins, hatred is right, and love is useless.
If you havent learned anything, if you dont become a better person because of it, its just like saying that it was something deserved.
If you dont turn the pain, suffering, and torment youve endured your entire life into something good, its just like laying down &amp; taking it.
Ive tried a couple times.
I didnt grow up with a social life. I grew up in the woods and in books.
That doesnt work in rl. I have anxiety. I care too much and never am able to make myself understood.
And i dont want to sacrifice my integrity, my character,that ive discovered &amp;built after everything that happened..for a9-5 meaningless job.
And in me accomplishing -That- would be loving myself. Because its what im passionate about. Its what i care about.
Its not something i can do alone.
But im trying to start a nonprofit. Im trying to work in social justice to right wrongs i see in the world make it a better place.
I am my own hero. But if thats all i wanted it wouldnt be that hard. I could just get a job and fit myself into societies mold.
... i Am changing my life. I Am loving myself. See me trying to separate from an unhealthy marriage and trying to get my life in order?
Tastes really sweet without honey.
Calming tea; licorice root, peppermint leaves, cinnamon, chamomile herb &amp; flower, spearmint leaves, and eleuthero root.
Year of the Sheep ...

Don't ask me to find people who believe in me if you don't have answers as to how.
That thing where people online know you better than anyone in real life.
How do you become what you want to attract if youve never known how to be it?

Ive broken my mold more than anyone realises.
I had no heroes, noone I am close to, I was only paid attention to when I messed up. And that was for punishment.
I grew up with noone guiding me. There was no moral compass, no integrity, no character, no friends. No family that took interest.
How do you find people who believe in you, when you've never done anything worth believing in?
How do you become what you want to attract if you've never known how to be it?
How do you surround yourself with those people if you are trapped in solitude?


Well, thats one way to cure a headache.
@Samurai_Lucy if you really dont like it, can always change it, or go all in and do something wild with it. I like. 
Dont mind me. Just cultivating a migraine. 
@melissa_cronin hope you find one. <GROWING HEART><GRINNING CAT FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
@melissa_cronin 
@Kazoarde @action4ifaw she was wild, captured near a village and released in a park.
@CaptainSamQuint she my widdle cuddlekins wif razor sharp claws. 
@CaptainSamQuint ikr. Isis does that to me.
Kinda like this. They just want to hug and show love. 
I am an insensitive bastard sometimes, and I'm sorry. If anything i do hurts, it is never intentional.
This too.
Escape from Bricksburg


Because she's awesome.
Ill just leave this here.
West Bar Scene - WyldStyle

If you are able, See the stars.
Don't just look at them.
Know you are a part of everything.
Even if for a short time. 
Arg. My eyes..
@stockholmabuse why do you delete your tweets?
Review your choices in life. Are they short sighted, or will they echo throughout generations?
When our efforts are focused on love, truth, and for the good of all, our efforts are timeless and understood throughout the ages.
When our efforts are selfish, greedy, control driven, and power hungry, our efforts are easily lost to time.
Human efforts are insignificant in comparison to the raw astounding beauty of time, life, and the natural world.
What about this? 
Or this? 
How about this, or this? 
Now appreciate the thought, planning, time, and effort it took to make this. 
Appreciate the thought, planning, time, and effort it took to build this. Alot of people, money, and vision. 
Nothing against him personally, just the music.
Personally, I've never been a big fan of bon jovi. Too much glam, tries too hard, doesn't really feel it, not enough.. testosterone.
<SMIRKING FACE>
Youre*
Your giving me nothing, and asking for my everything. Not only am i unwilling to give it, its unavailable.
To burn in the night, wondering, alone, yearning for warmth, for comfort, for touch, from a ghost.
You do realise what you are asking of me, dont you?

To worry, to care, to rest my heart on a cloud and hope it doesnt shatter when it falls
Be cool honey bunny.
I cant hear your words over how loud your actions are.
Tea &gt; coffee. 
Lmao
@stockholmabuse there is a difference between religion and spirituality.
Kids have the day off. So, another day at home. 
ht…

Ezekiel

Be wise to those who would corrupt your purity. Do not let gullibility and an over abundance of trust ruin a gift to the world.
Create and give with selfless and pure intentions.
Do not create more problems to a solution. Do not poison a pure idea from the start, and your problems will lessen.
Problems are only challenges, remember? If a solution is the correct one, challenges are there to test your commitment to righting wrongs.
