Before They Were Quicksilver - fillmyblankpage: Aaron Taylor-Johnson and Evan Peters in “Kick-Ass” (2010).... 
Photoset: thefancykat: Quicksilver X-men: Days of Future Past + Avengers: Age of Ultron 
Photoset: Keep up, old man! 
Photoset: superherofeed: OH MY GOD! 
Photoset: extraordinarycomics: Superhero/villain posters Created by Mark Grambau. 
Photoset:  
iyanatasha: I mean… at least… it’s not ukip… right? *uneasy laughing* 
scratch-your-name-upon-my-lips: The anarchist in me has been awoken, who wants to overthrow the government... 
Photo: louisgibbo: Danny Alexander’s face sums up how I feel about the election result 
Overheard: Well Britain have really outdone themselves this time. Final farewell to education and the NHS... 
Photoset: yelloweyeddetectiveinatardis: It’s been less than a day since the election and the leaders for 3... 
Photo: alltheworldsaphil: Bet you’re happy you voted Conservative now:) 
Looking forward to my lifetime of uni debt thanks to the Tories - kidsinxthedxrk: Fuck this 
Dear everyone who voted Tory, - onceuponatrenchcoat: Fuck you very much 
magic-envelope: phil: vote and you- phil: no wait phil: everyone who votes is- phil: no hang on phil:... 
Photoset: I didn’t learn this on my own, of course. I had help. Christopher helped. 
"I know it’s not ordinary. But who ever loved ordinary?" - The Imitation Game (2014), Dir. Morten Tyldum... 
Photoset: The Imitation Game + Favorite Scene. 
Photoset: The Imitation Game + Favorite Scene. 
Photoset: Hugely important to me to understand the back story with Christopher Morcom, whom I think... 
Photoset: Did you just propose to me? 
Photoset:  
"When people talk to each other, they never say what they mean. They say something else and you’re..." 
Photoset:  
Photoset: baetology: crowleyslittlehellper: le-emmeth: mayasbadassmama: janinekspendlove: nerdsrocket:... 
Photoset: supermarioclub: ~ my favourite Zelda taunt ~ this looks like zelda keeps running up to people... 
Photoset: mattsmith-mydoctor-myhero: zombienationxo: I love puns. For a second I thought the pun was... 
Photoset: lousysharkbutt: the real reason he never invites them over 
I find it weird I’m worrying about my exams, while people my age are worrying about what their baby will be... 
Photoset: youtubersweekly: Tyler and Connor’s friendship is the best 
Photoset:  
Photoset: radical-illusion: I can’t breathe 
hecallsmepineappleprincess: forgiveninasong: seaniepop: meloromantics: feministd1rection: Gender roles in a... 
emjoyfitness: emjoying: emjoyfitness: If you go to bed saying you’ll do something tomorrow, you’ll find... 
thesassycat: “This isnt a project that you will be able to do the night before” 
Overheard: Brain: Ok you have got to revise you have 1 week till exams. Body: Nah Brain: Seriously though... 
Photo: seblaine: watch out guys obama is doing his job 
Photoset:  
Overheard: *me petting my cat* CAT: This is the happiest I will ever be *a door opens* CAT: Now is my... 
Overheard: *parent walks into the room* - Me: haha, hello parental unit. it is i, your heterosexual child.... 
Photoset: threadsinthistapestry: sapphicsideshow: The best visual representation of “No Homo!” in cinematic... 
*procrastinates to the last second* - swolizard: am I angry at myself? you betcha am i disappointed in my... 
Photo: soundlyawake: he has no idea 
the reasons I WANT to be rich - hunterralexander: 1) i want to pay off my parents mortgages  2) i want to... 
mariowiki: WHEN YOU HIT THE LAST LAP IN MARIO KART AND THE MUSIC SPEEDS UP 
Photo: realistic-but-optimistic: Happy star wars day! ^-^ 
Photoset:  
porrimscondomstash: When you fuck something up first thing in the morning 
Overheard: me a week before exams: im gonna study so hard and get an A and go to an amazing college and be... 
suffocateing: *walks out of exam* well i was successfully able to bullshit every answer on the test so i... 
anderskarl: “girls only play video games to get guys” yeah fictional video game guys 
Photo:  
Photo: tlpursuit: I want to know how many people ran at this sign. 
Photo: dragonlordoferebor: metal-arms-and-golden-horns: They all mean business, and then there’s Bruce.... 
teamgrounderpounder: You ever dream something so fucked up that you actually feel a little concerned like... 
The "Doing the project the night before and it's still better than yours" Squad - sociopathic-shezza:... 
animerecycling: when everybody in your squad is queer as heck 
akaashie: me: *drawing* me: i have no idea what the fuck i’m doing me: *finishes drawing* person: woah how... 
If you support gay marriage reblog this. If you're on the homophobic side, keep scrolling. - mattcob:... 
unpresentable: when you crack a joke and no one laughs at it 
Photoset: chrismydisneyprince: bigmammallama5: illcoverjanto: inner—utopia: dyamirityofthelord:... 
Photo: drunkbroadway: That confusing feeling when the audience is just not on your side. 
There are 3 types of writers. - klarolinelannister: xkanyeinterruptedmex: 1. Writers that unrealistically... 
Photoset: lesmiserablesrants: snowstorms-and-windy-oceans: luke-is-so-confused:... 
Overheard: tony stark: please be a secret door tony stark: *presses wall gently* wall: *is actually a... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photoset: Stark will take care of it. 
Photoset: Requested by anonymous 
teashoesandhair: Bloody feminism. Can’t even objectify, threaten, demean, abuse or sexually harass women... 
Photoset:  
alexasenna: Being short is a lot easier when you remember that Gandalf probably would’ve found you... 
dracosferret: feeling personally offended when harry potter is mentioned on quiz shows and the contestants... 
Photoset: glinda-the-bad-bitch: Idina Menzel Smiling 
Photoset:  
astrifeline: astrifeline: astrifeline: i have high waisted jeans with pockets i can fit my fucking galaxy... 
Photoset: #no one’s sexuality is safe when it comes to ScarJo 
raiseusfromperdition: shippingsabrieliam: What if you went to a parallel universe and were going to meet... 
Photoset: dzngerous: don’t YOU F**KING TOUCH IT 
astoundingbeyondbelief: The most realistic part of Age of Ultron was Ultron deciding the human race must be... 
aegnor-anarion: marauderettemarsnerd: pocketpadfoot: Does anyone else remember that gif with the phone in... 
herlevings: if you have anxiety, and you did the thing you were dreading doing, i am proud of you if you... 
Photo: idinamenzel: It’s May. 
Photo: fire-emblem-confessions: Awakening was my first game and on my first run-through I killed Gaius and... 
Photoset: prettyboyshyflizzy: lilbcup: i alwways would see these and wonder how it happens …  When you say... 
Photoset: envelcosplay: Um, it’s been 2 months since I did a progress dump and that is unacceptable as I... 
Photoset: leiko-tomago: Idina Menzel as Elphaba Thropp (Wicked, 2003) 
Photoset: colerfuldarkness666: sizvideos: Protester in Baltimore trying to avoid violence Video hey CNN why... 
Photo: gemmacorrell: Are you Beach Body Ready? 
awbvckyno: “Natasha, Whedon says, is also his favourite character to write.” 
Photoset:  
Photo: idinamenzelsa: Oh, Idina… :) 
Photo: cosplay-gamers: Kharjo- The Elder Scrolls V:Skyrim @ Gardaland Theme Park, Italy... 
plain-flavoured-english: OK so now that I’ve had a chance to cool off and get some perspective, here’s the... 
californian: When someone tries to imitate you 
Overheard: UK politics - Cameron: poor ppl aren't real lol idk I never saw any at eaton Miliband: I sound... 
Photoset: burriton: i really don´t know what i expected 
officialcommanderlexa: i’m always so amazed when i hear americans say shit like “healthcare is a privilege,... 
Photoset: foreveralone-lyguy: Sprinkled red-frosted donut 
Gender neutral terms to call your partner - calireborn: •Snerson (snail person) •Snartner (snail partner)... 
missharleenfquinzel: Acceptable Reasons to Cosplay a Character You love this character and have in-depth... 
Photo: allonsy-stiles: bubbles-and-bowties: electronbendinggirl: hermionevimes: themanwhocantdie:... 
ultrabish: I’ll pay your Netflix for a year if you burn my school down 
stevencutiepieuniverse: animedads: In gonna replace every bone in my body with a knife, if someone punches... 
Photoset: imnotstudying: This just in: Clint Barton has finally figured out how to open pickle jars. 
undereyelouisvuittons: kvothelightfinger: undereyelouisvuittons: Have you ever been so bad at a subject... 
Photoset: hermess-kid: coyote-heart: thelaughingwholock: munchkin80: extraordinarycomics: Marvel Villains.... 
Photoset: x-menzel: roiledclarity: queenidinamenzel: addictedtoidina: Cardigans: The Musical Oh my god. Yet... 
Photoset: nerdsandgamersftw: really3d: Game Evolution Wait a minute… 
caitlincst: thegirlygeekinitiative: soldmysoul4wifi: thunder-blitz: thunder-blitz: thunder-blitz: SOMEBODY... 
Photo: justyouraveragedesi: You can’t wear skirts that are too short. You can’t wear skirts that are too... 
Photo: michaelhizny: When people tell me I’m going to Hell 
Photoset:  
Photo: angellris: attoseconds: castiel-knight-of-hell: cptfunk: damn, son, no wonder everybody’s tryin’ to... 
the-b-in-subtle: sassy-spoon: Ok but if we become best friends and you treat me right then there’s pretty... 
communistbakery: yolonists: i’m in love with the new apple bathbomb by lush! 
Photo:  
Photo: mythicalogical: thesexypenguin: The educational system in one image. “Everybody is a genius. But if... 
Photo: theworldisconfused: wifipasswords: What my future Wikipedia page’s table of contents will look like... 
Photo: fire-emblem-confessions: I AM DYING OF HYPE AND I NEED SOMEONE TO SAVE ME NOW PLEASE. 
leaveyourkeyinthemailb0x: see that girl you just called a lesbian? is she? can you help me get her number? 
overlypolitebisexual: have you ever considered that female celebrities claim not to be feminists/push a... 
Joss Whedon’s idea of writing about female characters - amy-riddle: Natasha ‘I am a monster because I... 
Photo: pug-of-war: Jump, Toad, jump! 
Photoset: #subtle 
Photo: fire-emblem-confessions: There is are a lot of long-lived characters getting close to characters... 
Photoset: step-rad: my favorite  
Photoset: nightwinglover: Oh my goodness, this is so afhdshitdvjgsdkjdd adorable!!! 
Photo: rose-moth: Testing out some new brushes, decided to make a Windwaker-themed piece! 
Photoset: nightwinglover: sibyllinesketchblog: I really wanted to make a little series of comic ladies – I... 
Photo:  
Photoset: that’s the joke - barry is bi af (x) 
Overheard: Joss Whedon: Bucky was supposed to die. Everyone and their mother: So was your career after... 
Photo: cumberfoil: Perfect picture is perfect. 
Photo: ironparamore: I have to say, this is going to be the hardest amiibo to find yet…I would say... 
Photo: peachypeach14-world: This was us when Super Smash Bros first came out 
Photo: kingddd17: Amiibos and scalpers in a nutshell. 
Photoset: kumashiro: Here’s the full set of photos of the finished Silver Gauntlets Hyrule Warriors Link... 
Photoset: skyworld-stories: Pit figured out who was on our doorstep… and figured his accessories were... 
Photo: dasenpai95: Bruh…that’s unfair as fuck. 
Photo: reddekuscrub: Nintendo be like… 
predictions for e3 2015 - piisslord: -nintendo confirms they hate making money and burn every current and... 
Photo: susanoomon: Bonus: HELP IM TRAPPED! 
camcorvid said: Gotta ask, how did that Rupert pic happen?? 
Photo: fyeahmcublackwidow: Pretty please. 
Photo: pink-momquartz: roaxes: *Trips* Battery 0% 
lumwinkle: joeyjoe69: when your friends sibling is hot I actually don’t care about the relatable post, but... 
When you see a cosplay you like and you just wanna - 4outof5doctors: 
lesbipoet13: adeathwaltz: Does anybody else get really excited when they see another gay person in a normal... 
Photoset: shobeanjr: Ashleigh Gray is gorgeous! 
Photoset: nintendo-posts: nintendo-posts GIVEAWAY One winner gets to choose from a wide selection of... 
Photo: shinigamiwyvern: wHO stole all the gingerbread house making kits 
Photo: crossingxrainbows: tfw you dont wanna take a picture with your friend but they force you to 
micool-j-caboose: An inspector calls plot twist:  The Birling family was drugged at dinner, The inspector... 
Photoset: idinanetwork: Rent + simple design 
Photo: sousaphoner: eternalwinternight: hunhanny: I feel educated Where was this when I was in calculus why... 
Photo: dasenpai95: Bruh…that’s unfair as fuck. 
Photo:  
Photo: darknerd-crossing: Nintendo’s statement on Amiibo. 
Photo: tinycartridge: Days of Amiibo Past ⊟ Michael Ivey created this riff on The Uncanny X-Men’s iconic... 
Photo:  
Photo: lolcat567: free him 
I have a new favorite sport…. Amiibo hunting in the bath XD 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: I’ve been working on my lucina cape :) 
The Story of Romeo and Juliet Condensed Into a Single GIF - ruinmylifewhydontyou: 
"what do you mean you don’t know your wifi password?" - me to someone who doesn’t know their wifi password... 
Photoset: f3mc: maoka1: aliens are cool fuck walls #is superman pregnant 
comingupforblair: Scenes that need to be in season 2 of Daredevil 
Photoset: nikaalexandra: things only assholes say #583 
iloveriandawson: I don’t hate school because “i’m a teenager” no i hate it because who the fuck wants to... 
Photoset: On Wednesdays we wear pink! 
Video: artistictevin: Pro Falcon players be like 
Photoset: eikkibunny: “Now that’s strategy!” My Robin cosplay from FE:A! Photographer is here and my... 
Video: sleepyoshi: Welcome to Mario Kart Isabelle 
crayonster: timeturner: bex-chan: you know you’re getting old when you watch the little mermaid and when... 
potatoeing: doitsusleftnut: navigatorin: gabrielsaunteredvaguelydownwards: meanwhile in england i am in a... 
Photoset:  
Photo: mxcleod: charliefcknscene: BLACK WIDOW AND MARVEL FANS READ THIS. READ THIS RIGHT NOW. TEARS OF JOY 
Photo: bowtiesarecool4: ceruleanpineapple: why do so many people think spiders are evil and out to get you... 
Photo: x-menzel: 20 years apart 
Photo: thegirltobreakthespell: fluttersly: disneyprincessdefender: You know what I love about this picture?... 
feelsmoor: thegayteen: Do something with your life that would make a 1950s straight white man angry I’m... 
punmonster: internet arguments more like 
Photo: meghanndyke: Omfg 
Photo: ghostmarth: palxtena: philanthropy-lite: SHUT UP. JUST SHUT UP. JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: drunken-feelings: Female Celebrities being classy af and not taking any shit from anyone (stupid... 
Photoset: mansionofmuses: valperch: empresspinto: I’m sorry but I was totally expecting that to be an... 
Photoset:  
Photo: mandopony: trickystarz: randommakings: thatmagicaldisneyplace: gonbutnotforgotten: eurotrottest:... 
pyrrhiccomedy: It’s so weird that Nike decided it was worth it to advertise on Tumblr. Listen.... 
Photoset:  
Photo: all-funny-memes: Ignoring the main storyline to do sidequests in a game 
Photo: all-funny-memes: Ignoring the main storyline to do sidequests in a game 
Photo: tolaughterandbeyond: SLOW THE FUCK DOWN. 
Photoset: the-ladiesandgentlemen-network: SURE!!!! 
the-ladiesandgentlemen-network: captainofalltheships: so i watched the kimmel episode with the avengers... 
Photoset:  
bipetual: illegally downloading things 
Photo: juanzerker: chubcakes: What a good sheep selfie. Hangin out with the fam. #blessed 
Photoset: Chantal does a split during “Populair” and freaks out Willemijn 
Photoset: A day in the life of Wicked’s Emma Hatton. (x) 
Photoset: “fiyero!” 
Photoset: Wicked — novel quotes + musical characters. 
Photoset: so I couldn’t be happier 
Ways Of Saying Wicked Characters - themostswankifiedvicomteintown: Glinda or Galinda Elphaba or Elphie Boq... 
Photoset:  
Overheard: Me watching The Wizard of Oz - The Wicked Witch of the West: *terrorizes Munchkinland* *throws... 
Photoset: patrxnus: Wicked + simplistic design, gif edition part 1 (photoset) 
Photoset: phqntomoftheopera: Theatre Memes (part 1/?) 
Overheard: Summaries of Musicals - The Phantom of the Opera: I am ugly and i kill people but I sing good... 
Wicked just got better, knowing that the original Madame Morrible voiced Lady Cluck in Robin Hood and one... 
iidinaxmenzel: If idina menzel wants to play elphaba in the wicked movie then you let idina menzel play... 
yourenosaint: ”your password is too simple” 
Photoset:  
"I call it feminism instead of equality because it is the feminine traits that men and women are shamed..." 
Photo: plsdateme: It’s funnier when you find out that’s his dad. 
blackfemalepresident: blackfemalepresident: i keep forgetting that i have lil 8th graders and freshmen... 
Photoset:  
mrs-mojo-risin-blues: tomatogami: im sorry but i only listen to real music Only B.C. kids remember this 
Photoset: mother-fricking-sorcerer: livingabovetherest: Tumblr needs more of this Did you just make a... 
live-as-a-teen: dogepom: patickstump: if you shame girls about their breast size i will push you into... 
stopwhitepeopleforever: anabnormalwonderland: stopwhitepeopleforever: Kids who grew up with those... 
Photoset: the-ladiesandgentlemen-network: hellyeahtomhiddles: 4/13/15 The Avengers Cast: Jimmy Kimmel Live... 
Photo: daleggs: Looks like 221b is getting prepped for filming! Squee! 
Photo: carryonmypaintedwhore: nyocan: ronaldwheasley: ronaldwheasley: i hate everything THE HEATWAVE HAS... 
joydick: im gay because when i was 4 i sneezed and no one said bless you and the devil entered my soul 
schleymanor: teal-deer: snarkeet: datunofficialdisneyprincess: i’m just saying. disney parks could REALLY... 
Photo: nightwinglover: aqun-athlok-krem: robertdniro: what are the devious homosexuals up to now something... 
chronicxclaire: running-a-fitblr: untexting: Isn’t it weird how we basically have an endless mental... 
Overheard: me: does nothing for five days me: today is a "me" day I deserve it I need to relax 
a-littleminx: ironxwilled: sovietxprincess: If you’re a guy who likes looking at pictures of naked girls... 
Photoset:  
aquamarvelfangirl: benjiscloset: Relog if you feel like gender identity and sexual orientation should be... 
Proving a point to my boyfriend. - satanicblowjobs: PLEASE REBLOG if you (male or female) believe it is... 
itsawond3rful-life: sincerely-harry: my baby brother was really upset so he was crying until he realized he... 
Photoset: feminist-space: adrunkgiraffe: the-paradox-machine: troyler-phanaye: letsstickwithsam:... 
Photoset: weeping-shades-of-indigo: darknesstomato: brian-mays-hair-curlers: frozenfussay: yggdrasill—:... 
Photoset: sherlockspeare: teapotsubtext: sherlockspeare: Were you in The Hobbit? OH MY GOD Oh. I didn’t... 
MY GRANDPA WANTED TO BE AN ARTIST - honerablerosemary: BUT HE HAD 7 KIDS AND A WIFE TO FEED SO HE ENDED UP... 
Overheard: Rest of the World: Kilometers America: No Rest of the World: Celsius America: No Rest of the... 
Photo: fruitcrocs: not even fuckin risking it at this stage 
Overheard: Me: WHO THE FUCK TOOK MY oh there it is 
ostracizedpoodle: you’re not as hot as you made your sim to be 
Things to do when you meet a celebrity - nialllocked: tell them they inspired you politely ask for a... 
Overheard: teacher: sit up straight me: but I'm gay 
blackladyjeanvaljean: we have the technology to turn salt water into potable water and we don’t use it we... 
Photo:  
Photo: idinamenzelsa: me when someone tells me to stop talking about musicals 
annaatoki: disneydamselestelle: Frozen is the first movie to show depressed charact- Frozen is the first... 
Photoset: fried-bologna-and-grape-koolaide: captaincatwoman: disneygirlwithablog: Let’s just take a moment... 
pregnat4: my whole life consists of wondering whether or not to make the bitchy comment 
Photo: de-pressedflower: tbh ive been waiting all year to reblog this  
imkatandimawesome: cumberdoom: papermonocle: Things I learnt today: During WW1, MI5 used Girl Guides to... 
Photo: the-legend-of-zelda-series: There are people who can’t drive at all. Then, there is Link. This... 
speightbrigade: nicolascageforthirteenthdoctor: samuel-vimes: misbeliefs: british boys: hey babe, how are... 
forest-sanctuary: Me when someone mentions The Legend of Zelda: 
Photo: allonsyforever: I like how our vice president’s twitter header is a picture of him and Obama taking... 
Photoset: gamzeeforhomestuckpresident: Im going to a con this weekend and I’m really tempted to print this... 
Photo:  
Reblog If You Can Take Off Your Bra Without Taking Your Shirt Off. - my-name-is-really-neil-mcneil:... 
Photo:  
Photoset: evilkarebear: luna-nix: whoufflesoufflegirl: the-treble: willowpedia: crazymolerat36:... 
thexandergrimmshow: keyblades-and-kingdoms: i don’t understand why atlantis isn’t more popular of a movie i... 
Photoset: Those lives are lived somewhere By some other me. 
pandalovescosplay: Society: (looks at woman) lol you’re ugly (woman spends half her life saving money and... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: It’s not a cosplay post, but I FINISHED MY CHROM AND MARTH PAINTING!!!! (not... 
cucumberbatchin: do you ever sit in school like i know the answer to that questions but i’m not saying it... 
shanology: necesitamos: FRIENDLY REMINDER THAT you are allowed to feel proud of yourself for things that... 
teenageunderdog: westartthemania: deprivxd: “women shouldn’t be able to get abortions because it was their... 
Photoset: booksmakeusdream: I had strings but now i am free 
Photoset:  
Photo: stahlion: Nintendo give him a chance 
Photoset: tinycartridge: That new Fire Emblem is two games in Japan ⊟ It wasn’t clear from the Nintendo... 
Video: satoshi-mochida: Fire Emblem (working title) New Trailer. 
Photoset: elle-is-a-freak: THIS IS US!! LOOK HOW BEAUTIFUL WE ARE!! 
Photoset: You can only choose one path 
Photoset: whatthefruk: In my highschool we are putting these signs up. We put the first picture up and if... 
Photoset: apologeticdragon: katie-and-her-fandoms: notverygoodatflyingaeroplanes: thegirlbehindthepiano: so... 
Photoset: aslanfromnarnia: Barry Allen - The Funniest Man Alive 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
werewolfetude: fandomsandfeminism: pikkulaku: Imagine being a kid in school. Your teacher comes up with an... 
Overheard: me @ disney: if you're going to make a live-action mulan, please pay eddie murphy whatever he... 
placebonacebo: So my school is putting on a production of Macbeth and not enough guys tried out so instead... 
Photo:  
shagurlwho: ishipitlikeups: For April Fools’ Day, my local radio station is playing literally nothing but... 
throyharper: lighten-the-darkness: a-promise-that-i-keep: birdflashed: maidenmothercronus:... 
lucifuh: OK I DONT KNOW IF YOU GUYS HAVE NOTICED ON GOOGLE BUT THERE WAS THIS THING SO I CLICKED IT RIGHT... 
wovei: do people automatically forget what its like to be a teenager when they become parents??? 
Photoset: mygayisshowing: akianne-chan: hiddlegasms: backscrubber: i can’t not reblog this how is this... 
Photo:  
Photoset: thepunkrocker: diy has a limit, you see 
cute and safe april fools pranks for tomorrow - sniffing: give me a thousands dollars in cash 
etodderz: goatmeats: I was asking myself just now why they have “16 and pregnant” but not “16 and... 
Photo: a-simple-note: Had to do a political cartoon about a social issue, so i did this.  
okay I feel like I'm the only person who knows that Mulan was a real person and not talked about enough -... 
onlyalittlelion: motherfuckingriverrun: game of thrones will really surprise people next season when in the... 
Overheard: person: i am uncomfortable with bad language-- me: okay!! that's fine!! person: --because you... 
gaymzee: i like to think of my followers as a giant conga line and im at the front and whenever i get a new... 
Nintendo Direct April 1st - the-legend-of-zelda-series: But yo… What if they announce Twilight Princess HD,... 
Photo: liz-rogers-: starhey: sharramoon: theburiedlife: A professor stood before his philosophy class and... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
just-shower-thoughts: It took me 23 years to realize that “be there or be square” is because you’re not... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: allthesefadingmemories  
Photoset: nightwinglover: hrschel: Gonna reblog this every time it pops up on my dashboard. Thank you kind... 
fatwink: "so how is school going?" 
ruf1ohn1tram: are u mocking me u fucking piece of shit 
great new Aprils fools idea for tumblr staff - jxnc: delete us all 
sighconic: part of me is so happy and excited to go to college next year like im gonna have all these new... 
Photoset:  
girly-fanatic: reichenbackdatassup: wow my brother was telling me this joke and he said "if you’re fighting... 
Photoset: tehhufflepuffcompanion: badlydrawnbandguys: sorry it’s so long, but i saw a post on my dash about... 
davijane: owlmansdead: davijane: Don’t trust guys who call their ex girlfriends whores What if she fucked... 
Overheard: JUST TO MAKE THINGS CLEAR - FEMINISM: equality for all sexes/genders MISANDRY: hatred for men,... 
Photo:  
myshipmyrules: ayemmajones: aparselmouthspatronous: trueclara: trueclara: Forget about the co-pilot who... 
mairitheknight: it’s gotten to the point where i cant even call what im doing “procrastinating” anymore, i... 
omgcalumwhy: tacosale: plantbucky: i hope i never become famous actually because i’ll be on the red carpet... 
Overheard: Adult: You can be anything you want when you grow up Adult: but not gay Adult: or transgender... 
Photoset: neolesbianism: fandomsandfeminism: takamura-mamoru: The woman on the left had acid thrown on her... 
Photo: drunkbroadway: Theater Kid “Never” List: Never sass your stage manager, they run the show and have... 
Overheard: anti-feminist: we need to get rid of feminism because it doesn't help male rape victims actual... 
fortooate: ollivander: somesleeze: spookyjupiter: don’t date someone who doesn’t put the grocery cart back... 
thedutchnetherlands: butseriouslyy: koenisser: gentle reminder that cleopatra’s beauty is rumored to have... 
Photo: I GOT A BOOK CASE AND I LOVE IT EVEN THOUGH IT CAN’T HOLD ALL OF MY BOOKS!!!! 
Teaching kids to give handjobs since the 90s - sam-shuts-his-cakehole: itskaleena: whyiseveryonefalling:... 
covocal: the fact that people think in different accents really gets to me  
godtie: the lone gay friend in the friend group is such a lie honestly give it like 5 years and the same... 
sleepysuperwho: eliza-lou-riley: "A man can’t be raped or abused by a woman-" "Men are physically stronger... 
swoopingisrad: benjiscloset: Reblog this post if you’re comfortable with transgender people using the... 
Photoset: thebeginningofneverending: SO CUTE 
Photoset: kushandwizdom: saladboycolumn: cobain-train: this hit me like a bus we should never get over it.... 
Photoset: generalgemini-booknerd: just-call-me-mrs-captain: rowdy-redhead: kinoganger: Doritos I CAN’T... 
Photo: y-odis-lee: ultrafunnypictures: Tweet of the day. IKR 
novccaine: shout out to all the performers with anxiety who have to perform in front of huge crowds and... 
music-of-thenight: We don’t want a wicked movie we want a wicked theatrical performance on Netflix 
brightestbitchofherage: Just give me a Wicked movie 
Photo:  
Photoset: scifitennisgamer: I think Idina Menzel is out of this world talented. She’s so versatile. Can’t... 
Photoset: beautifullytragjc: this. 
Photoset: themostswankifiedvicomteintown: i’M SORRY 
tituss-burgess: In other news I had a dream that wicked on Broadway closed and the Theatre fandom began... 
Musical Theatre Problem #34 - musicaltheatreproblems: Having to get used to the fact that your favourite... 
Overheard: Fiyero: Say there's no future, for us as a paaaair! Elphaba: Elphaba: Elphaba: there's no future... 
lucyclairedelune: ANY TIME SOMEONE SHAMES YOU FOR WRITING FANFICTION REMEMBER THAT THIS IS FANFICTION OF... 
Overheard: Child: Can you sing me a lullaby before bed Me: Of course honey Me: IT'S NOT HER Child: What Me:... 
Photo: thewesternskies: The year in Elphabas - 2014 
Photo: ferisae: Wicked AU where Zelda is Glinda and Hilda is Elphaba omg.. While working on owed art I was... 
Overheard: Me: I think I've listened to the Wicked soundtrack too much. I'm getting a bit over it. *... 
Wicked Songs Summary: - myinconveniencestore: No one mourns the Wicked: Dear Old Shiz: The Wizard and I:... 
thelastvictorian: I was randomly leafing through an old children’s book of ‘Wizard of Oz’ today and I found... 
billhaydonseductiongrasshopper: Elphaba and Magneto should form a “Why did I have to fall for someone with... 
Photo:  
malferret: u ever procrastinate so hard u loop back around to being productive like u will do literally... 
Overheard: Academic me: you have so much to do you have a test and ten things due tomorrow you must snap... 
Photo: completely-dunn: wifipassworcl: thepottertardis: apertures413thdoctor: pleatedjeans: via Ellen what... 
Photoset: wicked-leaks: You heard it here first, Tumblr. 
Photoset: cleverrobot: valwing: exvind:Hi, Clair. I’d like to come in and talk with you. Would that be all... 
Photoset: aqueenaloneandfree: kristoffbjorgman: Idina’s “fuck this, I’m out” trio. THE MUSICAL UNHOLY... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: Idina realizes that ‘Frozen’ is actually really sad 
thebusylilbee: *gets down on one knee* will you…….. *takes out ring* ……….help me take it to mordor ? 
danosaurswearbowties: castiel-loves-humanity: kia-kaha-winchesters: just the girly things forcing an earing... 
Photo: skyrimconfessionss: “I took the Dark Brotherhood questline way too seriously for my own good. I... 
Photoset:  
Photo: sherlockspeare: I made coffee for Khan but he refused to drink. ;_; I’m sad. 
Photoset: one-of-the-legends: "I don’t know….. but do you ever get this feeling….like somehow, somewhere... 
Photo:  
burgrs: hotdammysammy: burgrs: *eats 1,000 oranges* its fruit i won’t gain weight An orange is... 
Photo: judgr: Nana knows what’s up. 
little-oakenshit: legolasthranduiliion: if you watch The Hobbit backwards it’s about a guy whose friends... 
Photo: reberrycosplayandcostuming: Starting working on new sequins for my Elsa remake. Last time I used... 
orcaspanielmermaids: When you show up without calling, first. 
Photo: lustfulprincessluna: lanaisqueen: kimchiiandtea: timereaper: edenhain: officialdogblog:... 
share: trying to finish your essay at 3am like 
Photo: itseasytoremember: whisperingghosts: stardogchampion: Sean Bean is the fucking man. It left out the... 
calliestrider: un-leash-ing: egberts: *goes to a party and awkwardly follows friend around the entire time*... 
Overheard: Doctors: Teenagers brains don't fully work until 10am. Schools: Let's start at 7. Doctors: But-... 
Photoset:  
Overheard: Person: So, you like Broadway? Me: Are you sure you're ready for this conversation? 
carpaydiem: it sucks when you have a bad teacher for a subject you’re genuinely interested in 
Photoset: sawfinnickodairinhisunderwear: dukeofnod: "No you fool!! You could fall!!" WHY IS THIS THE MOST... 
cerulean-tmp: disneyprincessglinda: Inspired by this post. Ignore the graphics, that is not the point.... 
57circlesofhell: What the writers think BBC Sherlock fandom is doing: What we’re actually doing: 
Photoset: xainagal: the best moment in any media involving super heroes ever 
doppelgender: the saddest part of The Fault In Our Stars was definitely when Augustus fell into the... 
Photoset:  
Photo: stand: iamnotathornbird: hugglez4eva: yungcoochie: and yet 2007 still happened Just shows you that... 
unfollower: i automatically classify anything over $5 as expensive 
Photo: alaskha: popmist: rekhless: panier: misschloejane: attackoftheswag: Marine pretending to cheat off a... 
willsicott: tuxedoandex: ugly: What do you call the security guards outside Samsung shops? what Guardians... 
that-stupid-tardis-sound: y’all tellin me to pick schools and a career but if i determine who i’m sexually... 
Overheard: wake up: exhausted 12 pm: exhausted 3 pm: fucking exhausted 5 pm: really fucking exhausted 7 pm:... 
the-odd-life-of-a-fangirl: "mockingjay part 1 was boring, there was no action" 
ocheano: kelesiia:   ocheano: i hate when people ask me who are you dressing for? who are you doing your... 
courfeyluck: cuz darling i’m a trashcan dressed like a slightly nicer trashcan 
soliloquief: teen titans: how did they find us?! teen titans:  
bananagirlworld16: okay but why don’t more people talk about Night at the Museum like poc characters and... 
Photoset: "legolas standing in the background generally looking awesome" (requested by anonymous) 
fashionablecrocs: so lately ive been really obsessed with political cartoons for some reason BUT LOOK AT... 
jonathanlarson: if “all the world’s a stage” then how come I’m the only one who goes around constantly... 
Photo: myfairladyboy: ayungbiochemist: He even contoured his hairline better I’m here for this FINALLY... 
piratequeenintraining: College students only have 2 levels of stress: 1) I don’t give a fuck 2) OH MY GOD... 
kneelbeforemistressphil: kaalashnikov: your-continuum: kaalashnikov: do you ever sit there and wonder what... 
Photoset:  
Overheard: The signs as types of drivers - Aries: the asshole who keeps cutting you off Taurus: sings along... 
vvaddles: when you randomly get a ton of followers out of no where 
ways to lose my respect isntantly - nepeta-gayjon: broody-gay-creampuff: crazybecat: frostedpuffs:... 
Photoset:  
indapendent: Why isn’t there a socially acceptable way of saying: “I’m having a mental breakdown right now,... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
myskinnylife: Tumblr has taught me more about feminism, women rights, rape culture, slut shaming, etc, more... 
Photoset:  
nyemini: theproblematicblogger: *Puts ketchup on a banana* Aesthetic please don’t let there be a fucking... 
Photo: nyemini: oh go to hell 
Overheard two guys at school today - werewolvesangelsandhunters: darkclockwork: dontclimbanymore:... 
Photo: intj-confessions: toservethequeen: intj-confessions: Neat. neat. neat?!?! youre looking at day and... 
Photoset: xoheart-on-her-sleeve: This was my my fave line in this movie omg 
mrsalenko: skyrim sobriety test: cross the college of Winterhold bridge without falling off 
Photo:  
Overheard: quick summary: willy wonka and the chocolate factory - boy: i hate being poor grandpa: were... 
Photo: hiddenskyrim: Dragon flash mob. 
Photo:  
theonethatwearssweatshirts: paulyoptosaurus: what if instead of calling each other names we referred to... 
Photoset:  
REBLOG IF YOU THINK ITS PERFECTLY OKAY FOR A BOY TO DO BALLET - wildflowerpunk: shrekfanspacejam98:... 
Reblog this if you think a trans person is their identified gender even without surgeries -... 
jaclcfrost: jaclcfrost: [inhales] [exhales] [looks out into the sunset] the sweet smell of not being in... 
zufallstreffer: astrosloth2016: I’m not saying that I’m an amazing actor but i HAVE won as many Oscars as... 
bloodydeath11: gongchantv: do you ever see spoilers for a show you don’t watch anymore and just  #’glad i... 
Photoset: imbraless: x-menzel: Idina Menzel, the voice of Elsa listen okay for anyone who gives idina shit... 
Photo: spiffyblargh: This is how you kill depth in a character. 
kvothelightfinger: twinkletwinkleyoulittlefuck: cell-mate: crackerhell: ethanwearsprada: i think it’s a... 
Photoset: Idina being her incredibly cute self 
rnusicality: fun statistics for adults! “when I was a kid, I had no help with college tuition, I was... 
Photoset: mst3kman: jimfear138: sosungalittleclodofclay: thespectacularspider-girl: “Big Hero 6 is so well... 
doctorsherlocklokison: im-depressed-but-funny: unsuccessfulmetalbenders: i am literally the only person in... 
Photoset: THE LEGEND OF ZELDA SERIES"The God of Power dyed the mountains red with fire and created land.... 
Photoset: perks-of-being-chinese: IMPORTANT PSA: DONT BUY BUNNIES AS AN EASTER PRESENT PLEASE (x) 
Photoset: theomeganerd: Nintendo Princesses by Little Paper Forest 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: holy-musical-starkid-  
hijabby: patricksass: People say the British are nice and polite but I think they’re forgetting that we... 
paintballing-on-the-moon: fun fact: when I was writing a letter for an english assignment defending the... 
Photo: skiesokay: REALLY? 
Some help for those studying for their GCSE’s and are struggling with physics!! - lilbeanstudyblr: I found... 
Photoset: emiliaconvertino: How I feel everyday 
Photo: fitify: fitify: basically, anyone reading this knows that tumblr + studying = difficult. we’re all... 
GCSE-HELP LINKS TO WRITING LIKE A GOD - gcse-help: How to write an essay A different method towards writing... 
floozys: "don’t teach basic feminism to children, let them form their own thoughts and ideas!!!" *forces... 
Photoset: a-shadyqueeen: thingsdopensavvy: a-shadyqueeen: rebelfleur326: 50shadesofcanteven:... 
Overheard: Convo between my 7year-old students today - Josie: I have a new crusshhhhh Matt: Me too! On a... 
Photoset: deadlifts-and-donuts: in-the-devils-resting-place: Emma Stone, through her roles (click on the... 
besttblrbits: how much is car insurance a-little-insane: wethinkwedream: What if clouds and lakes switched... 
theawesomesauce93: scribble-scratch: My mom just told me you’re not a woman until you get blood on nearly... 
tampontampoff: *organizes future around doing as little math as possible* 
Photo: drunkbroadway: That rare moment when I’m in a room of people who say they don’t like musicals. 
Photoset: walkingentityofsnark: Legendary In which Jennifer Lawrence will never actually be sure of how... 
Photo: fatpeoplemakemehappy: the one on the bottom right is trying real hard to be a good cupcake 
gayturians: lyraffect: gayturians: once when i was little, i claimed it was a teacher’s work day so i... 
Photo: safe-behind-bars: older-aang: kuro-tokyo: scared the shit out of me every time my dad wants this to... 
Photo: cosplaytutorial: cosplay-gamers: Made by Mushy Mice Cosplay It’s fun… I swear!!! 
brassy: being forced to go to school in the morning 
okaymad: if you’re ever sad look at this or this instead of being mad at someone watch stitch cuddle with a... 
Photo:  
cumleak: "i’ll be speaking with my lawyer" is the adult version of saying "im telling mom" 
Photo: despondentparamour: me 
Photoset: batsvsupes: no 
cbmcountdown: Avengers: Age of Ultron; 43 days Ant-Man; 120 days Fantastic Four; 141 days Deadpool; 330... 
greenekangaroo: “What’s stopping you from-” Money.  Money is what is stopping me. It is what is stopping... 
derpcakes: villains with tragic backstories 
Photoset:  
Photo: officialdersecest: why is every single fandom in the world literally terrible  
kemikalkat: davidbennettinplacesheshouldntbe: my mom got a bunch of nerds from school because she’s a... 
Overheard: Things People Don't Know About the Signs - Aries: has a lot of doubts and insecurities caused by... 
Photoset: x-men days of future past | deleted scenes 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: call-me-sue: Hahaha this crack me up 
Panorama: mrspeggymartinelli: NONONONONONONONONO NO!!!!!!!!! 
Photoset: mandiekat-inc: Not anymore, where’s my hover board, hmmm? 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
write-love-ship: blood-and-weetabix: Is RENT a Christmas musical? Or a New Year musical? Or a Valentine’s... 
thepianogirl1: amberbydreams: quirkilicious: talikira: wholmesianmisfit: Who remembers Motherfucking... 
Overheard: PSYCHOPATHS VS. SOCIOPATHS - Pyschopaths: Aries, Cancer, Leo, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Pisces... 
Overheard: PSYCHOPATHS VS. SOCIOPATHS - Pyschopaths: Aries, Cancer, Leo, Scorpio, Sagittarius, Pisces... 
promoted: *takes a break from doing nothing* ah i really deserved this 
Photoset: kinkyasexuals: srfelicidad: Asexuality by Tiny Dinosaur :)! I know we all know this but I just... 
Photoset: humorousreality: Badass Jennifer Lawrence. 
Photoset: hughxjackman: gif meme: Scogan + Favorite Quotes (requested by avengingxmen) 
Photoset: X-Men Meme: [2/7 scenes/moments] 
freevogue: is anyone else insecure as hell and seriously worried that no one will ever fall in love with... 
Photoset: causeyouwerelookingoverme: Reaction to Taylor’s speech VS reactions to Sam’s speech…  Also, I’d... 
Belle has found her beast - believeinthemagicintheworld: theladysilvermoon: Downton Abbey’s Dan Stevens is... 
Photoset: whoistorule: cleolinda: Why Stardust deserves to become a movie classic. #it should be known as... 
madman-in-a-blue-box-at-221b: floozys: donavonisnotsexy: floozys: “boys will be bo-“ *flies in*  *punches... 
Photoset: lunaobliviate7: buttmanreturns: tacticalfury: #you know you’re screwed when a missile is aimed... 
Photoset: tornadocondoc: kellyangel: Read the next comic | Support the comic Never have I reblogged a post... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: wilwheaton: mattfractionblog: justbuckybarnesarm: "Dad, will you take pictures of me on the roof... 
Photoset:  
ohremus: if you’re ever worried about what you wanna do after college just remember that my best friend... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
fagvomit: once in 5th grade my mom bought me this set of like 200 glitter pens because I had mentioned that... 
Video: jojomirabelle: ashes-of-our-aspirations: bullets-and-cyanide: jojomirabelle: I played a match with... 
Photo: lesbianculture: forget-all-about-sam: Nuuuuu LOOK AT THE ONESIE 
Overheard: me: *is too hot* dragon: hot damn. make me wanna retire, man. 
Photo: Film studies is the best subject to revise for 
cythraul: theaterdagger: aurellharmonics: lamisdelabc: RED, THE BLOOD OF ANGRY MEN TEA, A DRINK WITH JAM... 
sassypotter: allabitofablur: ellanarosetw: theladymonsters: superbmarksman: i always end up thinking about... 
Photo: skyrimconfessionss: "Going back to Helgen gives me the creeps." 
justalittlebitlosthere: lueksbutt: welcomee-to-my-mindd: Self. Harm. Is. Not. Art. Suicide. Is. Not.... 
Photoset: maeriea: kanyewesticleandthepeasants: my girl angie knows privilege and can acknowledge that its... 
Photoset: marcoslefthalf: you dont have to agree with his policies but you have to admit hes the coolest... 
Photo: ihaveanarmy-wehaveatimelord: that-was-a-double-entendre: orangeninjadan: this bothers me looking at... 
Photoset: Historically accurate Disney princesses (art by ColombianTwat, designs by shoomlah) 
writing tip #700: - dukeofbookingham: gallifreyanlanterns: gr8writingtips: your characters are like geodes... 
albw: how to pick up chicks  
ziallsexisthebestsex: laughingalonewithautoresponder: gaymzee: “i’m so depressed,” posted the caucasian... 
raremist: carry-on-wayward-fallen-angel: philscatwhiskers: donvex: that-stupid-tardis-sound: y’all keep... 
Photo: Guess who is going for the lead role in my school show :) 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
Photoset: asieyonce: ask-cherrynilla: mickeyandcompany: The Lion King 20th Anniversary Tribute: The Madness... 
Photoset: anindoorkitty: duskybatfishgirl: reblogging because it has 700K notes and also it is awesome Ah,... 
Photo: sadlytemporary: Seeing double 
Photoset: theomeganerd: Nintendo Consoles by Meghan Cox 
Photoset: myfart0: This is the best thing I’ve ever seen 
Overheard: person: that's mean me: i'm mean 
Overheard: me: I don't want kids people: you're a heartless insensitive monster with the darkest soul that... 
Photo: duessa: technoskittles: The blue screen of death everyone Fucking amazing. 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: holy-musical-starkid- 
Photoset: constable-frozen: wake up!wake up!wake up!wake up! 
Photoset: merida-straighthair: Oscar winning Animated Features celebrating their Academy Award win with the... 
Photoset: elsaletyoufinish: Elsa has seen this horror movie… 
majesticpotatos: *Runs up staircase* LET IT GO, LET IT GO, I AM ONE WITH THE WIND AND SKY! *walks down... 
Photo: meandmyfrozenheart: Oh my 
Photo: meandmyfrozenheart: WOW! 
March 13th: - meandmyfrozenheart: morepopcornplease: gonna watch Frozen Fever like: ME 
Photoset: danisonfire 
Photoset: quetzalcoatl2k: Scalpers. 
Photo: fullten: phineaslightfoot: CANNOT REBLOG FAST ENOUGH Because its safer to be nobody than a woman 
Photoset: alpacamarth: dave-stridass: adopt-a-bull: he-gassen: he-gassen: !!!!!!! URGENT !!!!!!!! PLEASE... 
I dont get ike lovers - alpacamarth: I never seen marth fans on my dash anywhere What is wrong with you... 
are you fucking kidding me - lessthanfour: zanetheaiden: zanetheaiden: Heh, I play the cello, I’ll bet this... 
witchchad: mildlyautisticsuperdetective: witchchad: ways to get me into bed  1. have curly hair 2. wear a... 
secret-dollhouse: mxcleod: today on the internet: we argued about the color of a dress, llamas ran loose... 
Photoset: kiyala: isozyme: Remus Lupin: Sirius you did what. Inspired by this post and others by... 
gayleafcrime: kyairoo: gayleafcrime: when the food is nasty but u already paid im on mobile someone add an... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: thedarklordkeisha: Calvin is the most relatable protagonist in the history of anything. 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
the signs studying - subpar-astrology: aries: *throws textbooks across the room*  taurus: procrastinates by... 
Photoset:  
Photo: melancholydane: (x) 
"I’d rather read the iTunes User Agreement." - one of the Amazon reviewers on Fifty Shades of Grey  (via... 
Photoset: mysweetupland: This monster took a solid two days to complete! One day of sketching it out and... 
Photo: the-goddamazon: thug-lifestyle: Have y’all ever sat there and thought about this? <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> All the time. 
Photoset: down-the-muddy-river: Gotham’s villains, do you see the problem?. 
kyary: mami-tomoe-daily: pinkiepony: kyary: being a boy in a dress doesn’t make you gender fluid its makes... 
Photoset: mtv: imagine you dedicate your oscars acceptance speech to wage equality and look into the crowd... 
fartney: Straight guys calling each other faggots 
Photoset:  
Photo: the-calvaree: this will never not be funny 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: gracedbyme 
every romantic teen movie - maurypovichofficial: *girl plays acoustic guitar and sings* guy:... 
Photoset: benedictsherllock: Sherlock meme ↳ [5/8] quotes:'You know a conjurer gets no credit when once he... 
Photoset: Details at Georges Hobeika Couture S/S 2015 
the big mistake with live-action zelda would be to give it a generic medieval aesthetic. zelda is the... 
Photoset: liamdryden: lilmelody: treat yo self literally every time I start to feel bad for buying takeout... 
robert-winchester-novak: last-on-your-lips: ilovett: annuemmarizonatorres: gaygron: jr-abraxas: I like how... 
floozys: "hairless cats are disgusting!" "hairy women are disgusting!"  
Photo: Last Five Minutes 
herlevings: if you have anxiety, and you did the thing you were dreading doing, i am proud of you if you... 
Photoset: Happy last show to Lindsay Mendez and Alli Mauzey - February 22, 2014 
trifources: You dare come into my home, disrespect The Legend of Zelda? I’ll tell ya HWAT 
heatherheatherheatherandmaiya: how come when I sing “my favorite things” when I’m sad, Julie Andrews... 
13 Reminders That Lady Gaga Has Always Been Incredibly Talented - melonmelsmelly: THANK YOU BUZZFEED 
iiiidontttttknowwww: Idina Menzel just randomly presented with John Travolta and the Lady Gaga sang a... 
On another Gaga note before I go to bed - scottymouth: I hope that anyone guilty of ignorantly shitting... 
Photo: lonkmeister: Seriously though this always pissed me off in Ocarina lol 
Responding to Gaga's naysayers (including Madonna). - scottymouth: Madonna might have inspired Gaga to an... 
Video: scottymouth: People are surprised that Gaga can sing? My God, where the fuck have y’all been??... 
whythatisabsurd: Hi I’m auditioning for the role of Maria in the sound of music, I’ll be singing Maria from... 
Photo: ohdavyohdavy: That smile though… She is Perfection 
Photoset: tonyandmaria: Julie Andrews + Musicals 
moretothisstory: How someone treats the stage crew says a lot about them as a person. 
Photoset: ymitchell1: Lady Gaga’s performance got me like <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW><LOUDLY CRYING FACE><SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SW> 
that moment when lady gaga fuckin kills it at the oscars and all of your friends are surprised that she's... 
Julie Andrews is still a queen and I love her with all my heart. 
my-tardis-sense-is-tingling: holy shit if you didn’t like that gaga tribute you can fuck off because even... 
Photo:  
Photoset: MUSICAL THEATRE FEMALE CHARACTER MEME 11: An underrated female character in a musical - Elsa... 
Photo: phroyd: Darth Spring! Phroyd 
Photo:  
Photo: drunkbroadway: That totally lost feeling when you’re not in a show. 
Photo: ryanseacrest: The hug of everyone’s dreams 
Overheard: Me: *playing random Les Mis songs in my head* Me: RED The blood of angry men! Me: BLACK The dark... 
Photo:  
Photoset: magicalnerd123: CAN WE JUST TALK ABOUT HOW LADY GAGA SLAYED. 
Overheard: My mom and I are watching The Sound Of Music Sing-Along and this conversation happened: Mom: See... 
everythingiwishicouldtellyou: Julie Andrews is royalty I don’t care what anyone says. Where’s her crown.... 
"I didn’t know she could sing like that." - Every Person Watching Lady Gaga at the Oscars (via... 
rinmoomoo: Internet: OMG WHO KNEW LADY GAGA CAN SING???? Little Monsters:  
Photo:  
Celebrities react to Gaga's legendary Sound of Music tribute - retrodancefreaak: 
Photoset: scottymouth: "Nonsense, child. If you’d lost all your faith, I couldn’t be here. And here I am."... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: theywereschoolboys: I’m totally feeling this whole “inappropriate auditions songs” thing 
Photoset: brallonforlife: “I had a boyfriend who told me I’d never succeed, never be nominated for a... 
Photoset: idimmadontgiveashit: draco-in-chorum: HELL FUCKING YES HELL FUCKING YES HELL. FUCKING. YES. YOU... 
Photoset: the-misadventures-of-lele: psychogemini: deathtasteslikechicken: abs-gabs: SOMEONE FINALLY SAID... 
Photoset: rominatrix: Benedict Cumberbatch highlights from the 87th Annual Academy Awards 2015 Bonus: 
bunny-banana: Hello, I’m auditioning for Archduke Franz Ferdinand and I will be singing Hit Me With Your... 
Photo: cabbagesandkingsss: didyouknowmagic: honey-lemon-dont-care: JESUS FUCKIN CHRIST BELLE LOL DID THEY... 
Photoset: arachnids8rip: its-halloween-cas: becca-morley: you fucked up My six pack has arrived due to... 
antiquissimablack: holdthebones: whatwouldyoudoifthedoctor: deathpup: what happens if u put a werewolf on... 
Photo: johnthewindyegbert: aisurusenka: celestialdeth: Ask Siri if it plans to fill your room with deadly... 
Photoset: Guess which one I am? 
Photoset: Benedict’s interview at the red carpet - Oscars 2015 (x) 
Photoset: fedorathexplorer: cassimuffin: FORESHADOWING okay but quick question you pointed at a random car... 
Photoset: gidguard: a-resilient-heart: manybodies: lightspeedsound: lunapics: theshells: I can’t stop... 
Photoset:  
Reblog this before March 31st and I'll write put your url somewhere in New York City. - majazala:... 
bemoreheartandlessattack: floopyluvspineapples: You always have that one follower who attacks your... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: tastefullyoffensive: (comic by Buttersafe) 
twinkletwinkleyoulittlefuck: thepreciousthing: adire-adire: victorysunshine: goldfish-kisses:... 
Photoset: nerdsandgamersftw: GLaDOS Art Print By Joseph Fells | Via Etsy 
Photoset: aragorn1379: ginjaninja3716: commandereyebrows: chachipistachis: theamericankid: Tumblr needs... 
Photoset: aragorn1379: ginjaninja3716: commandereyebrows: chachipistachis: theamericankid: Tumblr needs... 
twelvefootmountaintroll: i’m gonna name my firstborn “arial” and people will be like “oh like the mermaid”... 
Photo: throughtheparadox: Benedict interacting with fans during the Oscars Red Carpet [x] 
Photoset: diddi-p: this gets funnier with each passing year 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photoset: meandmyfrozenheart: GIEJSKDIFEIEOFOGIDIEJDJGIGI I AM CRYING 
Photoset: constable-frozen: Exclusive First Look at Disney’s ‘Frozen Fever’ OMG!!!! 
Photo:  
Photoset: dannyanimator: The Oscar is here :)  and joins our Oscar family. Congrats to everyone here at... 
Photoset: hecallsmepineappleprincess: SNEAK PEEK OF ANNA AND ELSA TOPIARIES FOR EPCOT FLOWER AND GARDEN... 
Photoset: throughfrozenforests: please don’t slam the door. 
Photoset: meandmyfrozenheart: skyphoi: first look at “frozen fever.” I’m not even kidding I cried when I... 
Photo: aatkaw: The only reason you’ll need to watch this movie. 
Photoset: nipahdubs: My Link Cosplay, I enjoy amiibos too much lol. "Me and mini me!” "HYAAAA HYRULE AHHH"... 
harrehshipsdontlie: cosmo-kramer-the-assman: ok my main problem with hannah montana is like how DID HER... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
suck-err: riverplants: foods dangerous to dogs: avocadoes alcohol raw bread dough caffeine chocolate grapes... 
parenting tip - idiopathicsmile: if you want to avoid the world’s aggressive gendering of your infant,... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
Photoset: Who can say if I’ve been changed for the better? 
Photoset: jaidefinichon: WTF 
brianmjk: Hi I’m auditioning for the role of Maureen Johnson and I’ll be performing Native American tribal... 
dickdickdickdickdickdickdickdick: "how to perfect the natural, no makeup look" step 1. you will need these... 
Overheard: Students: We still don't even know how to get checked into a hospital or how to pay taxes.... 
Reblog if you're over 10 and you still have stuffed animals on your bed or in your room. 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: homeinabookshelf 
Photoset: riseofthebravetangledragons: iwestling: ROTBTD, painted for the lovely (and oh so patient!)... 
Photoset: - Graham Moore accepting the Oscar for Best Adapted Screenplay for ‘The Imitation Game’  
Photoset: nightwinglover: h0peful-melancholy: Angelina Jolie opens a school for girls in Afghanistan, 2013.... 
tsarcasm: trapsical: I took a shit in my grandma’s cat’s litterbox when I was like 13 and my whole family... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: karen1331 
v-ayne: once you hear a parody of a song, you will never sing the correct lyrics ever again. 
Photo: lackyannie: electricsed: It really doesn’t matter how big or how small they are, all cats are... 
"I already saw that on Tumblr." - literally everything (via beccaliving) 
Photoset: Scarlett Johansson Interview on the Oscars 2015 Red Carpet 
Photoset: webbedpockets: berkeleyplace: feministcaptainkirk: I loved Spider-Man longer than I knew what... 
Photoset: celestial-sexhair: me as a celebrity 
Photoset:  
Overheard: Kids: how are babies made? Me: well, you'll need A cow as white as milk A cape as red as blood... 
Photo: exileisland: what 
Photo: exileisland: oh 
Photo:  
fluent-in-lesbianism: mistercoventry: “Oh, you’re straight? So is spaghetti until it gets hot. ;)” Are you... 
Photoset: Repost this anywhere. 
Photoset: drunken-feelings: Female Celebrities being classy af and not taking any shit from anyone (stupid... 
safetytank: for-the-cosplay: "wow there are so many fake nerds cosplaying these days!!!" hold the fuck up.... 
joseguwop: 809212: what would you say to your 10 year old self lottery numbers 
Photo: friendsconed: this put me into an existential crisis please spare him from this eternal hell 
Photoset: ∞ 
Photo: methhomework: micasablumpkins: the-unpopular-opinions: i really hate seeing children at gay rallies.... 
romano-aru: whovian2711: So last week me and my friend were trying out a faceswap app And for some reason... 
Photoset: evinist: How to win child custody, a guide by Batman 
Photoset: 2manyfandomsnotenoughfeels: Best scene. And that’s the moment Sherlock realized how much he... 
Photo: cutegirlcosplay: I love theses baloneys so much. #thethreecoskateers #thelegendofzelda... 
Photo: askteenagenavi: preshiebird: I’m sorry, but Link isn’t mute. This has been bothering me for a while,... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
letsboldlygomotherfuckers: letsboldlygomotherfuckers: swimming pools are so weird man we dig holes in the... 
Photo: smindersonfan: allhailweegee: ludwigvonfuckwit: wentworthsbitch: benpaddon: ayethatgirlrithany:... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: lerrachim 
Photoset: fandomsaremyfavoritething: IAN MCKELLEN IS A TREASURE AND WE MUST PROTECT HIM WITH OUR EVERYTHING 
confuhused: officialschool: a world where everyone assumes you are gay 
Photo: adequatespatula: thatseanguyblogs: imabroome: thatseanguyblogs: durnesque-esque: 0601254:... 
just-shower-thoughts: "Fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a... 
jpgay: we’ve all had crushes we very strongly regret 
Photo: wolfnanaki: rosequartzroyalty: You know it’s bad when Fox News gets the information correct. 
Overheard: What the Signs can expect from 2015 - Aries: Laughter Taurus: Strength Gemini: New friendship... 
Photoset: sulkinvulcan: ichristmasin: marauding-dragons: Screw nickelodeon. I will always be a cbbc child.... 
liquidglue: aolcohol: honestly humour blog urls are getting so dumb like.. “liquidglue”??? all glue is... 
Photoset: misandry-mermaid: stupiduglyfatcunt: teaforyourginaa: misfitreindeer: potadont: scissorscars:... 
ratherthepoint: confident-seeker: Give a Tony award to whoever made the wise decision of putting Fiyero in... 
shiiune said: Hello! I was thinking if doing a cosplay of Lucina from Fire Emblem Awakening (: Do you have... 
Photoset: tyrfing-plus: References of my hooded cowl, as promised! ヾ(＠°▽°＠)ﾉ I’ve already ripped away the... 
Photo: pechobun: its my birthday today 
Photo:  
Photo:  
cebrenren: the beginning of fe:a in two lines: Frederick: Chrom no Chrom: Chrom yes the ending of fe:a in... 
Photoset: allthemiddlefingers: lucrezialoveshercesare: actual Harry Potter the awkward moment when the... 
Photoset: glitterandmetal-yt-da: No matter how many times I see this, I still can’t decide whose face is... 
#MoreYoungJustice - nightwinglover: On February 26, teen titans go! Will be premiering a all new episode... 
Overheard: Conversation with my very religious mother - Me: did you know that it is a sin to wear that... 
Photoset: marthajonessupremacy: If Lestrade was the main character of the show… 
Photo: realistic-but-optimistic: siblings 
Photoset: iwantwillgraham: missdontcare-x: You just can’t not reblog this. you forgot us 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: iwanna-beamoderndancer 
omarnorthtower: some-atoms: kalycle: hooruss: some-atoms: It’s so weird when people are squeamish about... 
Photo: hime-drawing-stuff: If Cia only had asked Link out on a date instead of starting a war 
Photoset: katribou: the exalted bloodline 
Worst feelings in the world - sheenathehyena: datekougyous: Failing a test you studied really hard for... 
Photoset: musicalbeatles: the second gif, she looks pleasantly surprised to hear someone not ask about her... 
Photoset:  
saranthropology: k-lionheart: madsmikklsen: i love how men mock women for being overemotional and then lose... 
Photoset:  
Photo: lovemoonshoespotter: It’s officially February. Like the person, but a month. 
So, let's get this straight - sociallyawkwardandunstable: In the space of THREE days, we’ve had one show... 
Photo:  
Photoset: guyslikedarren: Tell me I wasn’t the only one who noticed this? 
Photoset: jasperjordanx: Starkids + 1 role per show 1/? part: 2 
mouthface-potter-woods: It’s our time, Starkid fandom. We rise. 
"Killing people doesn’t make them like you, it just makes them dead." - A Very Potter Musical (via... 
jennerallysweeter: Hi i’m auditioning for the role of Hedwig and I”ll be singing “Going back to Hogwarts”... 
padfootinsidethetardis: Hello I’ll be auditioning for the role of Bug in Starship and I’ll be singing Stick... 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: Anonymous 
Photoset:  
not-permitted-to-touch: When I first saw AVPM I thought Joe Moses was making fun of Snape I mean, Snape... 
Photo: kawaichanmk: Can we talk about this? 
i-am-a-starkid-ranger: its not a starkid musical untill lauren lopez is cross dressing 
i-am-a-starkid-ranger: its not a starkid musical untill lauren lopez is cross dressing 
Photoset: prof-lupin: rarely giffed starkid scenes → 1/?? 
Photo: teamstarkid-confessions: Confessed by: temoreus  
Photo: nothewhomustbenamed: One of my all time favourite photos about one of my all time favourite... 
Photoset: sectumsemp-enis: Team Starkid characters + text posts (Part 1?)  
Photoset: I’m not dangerous, and I’m not homeless… anymore. 
Photoset: not-permitted-to-touch: AVPM characters 
Photoset: Starkid: Preparing us for this mess since 2013. 
sweaterlester: i may not post that much bout starkid anymore but im still 100% in that fandom ya feel 
kawaichanmk: The most tragic death in AVPM 
Starkid Fact #13 - that-hogwarts-jaguar: The joke about Draco’s bloody nose came from Eric Kahn Gale who... 
Photo:  
Photoset: outragouspansexual: Has anyone else noticed that the space helmet that Joe wears in Chris’ short... 
guyslikedarren: Hello, I’ll be auditioning for Elsa and I’ll be singing The Coolest Girl from A Very Potter... 
idkimoutofideas: Hi I’m auditioning for the part of Bug from Starship and I’ll be singing Human by... 
Photo: girlbydaylightcosplay: remellarkable: mockingjaymovie: Gale Hawthorne… a soldier, a friend, her... 
ghostgirlninja1122: thefaunprincess: So my friend gave me a bath bomb for christmas and I finally used it... 
Photoset: taracynara: doctordonna10: qthewetsprocket: dixie-chicken: but guys, you realize Morgan Freeman... 
Photoset: liltify: nakeid: theleatherlook: smohkist: voleum: kisslng: Brazilian model Alexandre Cunha was... 
missharleenfquinzel: Hi I’m auditioning for the role of Harley Quinn and I’ll be singing “Crazy in Love” by... 
Overheard: *at school* me: im tired me: im gonna go home and sleep me: i can't wait to sleep me: yay sleep... 
skypestripper: can parents just accept the fact that school is harder now than it used to be back... 
krazykatisawesome: empty-yesterdays: buckybarneswho: Mockingjay: *president kills innocent people*... 
thefingerfuckingfemalefury: likeadamnfiddle: edgebug: thesarahsaurusrex: edgebug: video game: *autosaves at... 
getonmyhighlevel: School system fucked so bad that students literally hope and pray for dangerous weather... 
Photoset: alpacamarth: saiknucklesraph: smarty100902: fangirlingoverdemigods: There is nothing wrong with... 
Photoset: broken-knees: people-should-all-be-onions: iwillmakeitthroughthis: FOREVER REBLOG. my god the... 
Photo: felicite: 100% 
It's midnight and there's a rumour that my area is in danger of having my internet spied on by the... 
Photo:  
Photo: concernedresidentofbakerstreet: iamtonysexual: thisisasupergoodidea: i8urpenguin: HE TRIED TO ESCAPE... 
"He’s not gay. He’s just an odd person." - Eiji Aonuma on Tingle, the greatest character in the entire... 
Photoset: bookfreakandfandomgeek: soloquiero-jugar: beben-eleben: A Summary of Marvel Movies Was that last... 
Photo:  
Photoset: mudora: heroesofhyrule: I joined the party omfg 
Photo: alpacamarth: fea-confessions: "I really wish you could marry the same sex." In fe awakening YES 
Photoset: alpacamarth: HENRY YOU NEED TO HEAR THIS 
Photoset: kernalmustache: theclockworkskull: buzzfeed: 29 Photos That Prove Everybody Cosplays FUCKING... 
meandmyfrozenheart: im-a-band-geek14: Hello I’ll be auditioning for the role of Adele Nazeem and I’ll be... 
anna-bernadette-rose: Hi, I’ll be auditioning for the role of Elsa the Snow Queen and I’ll be singing “Hips... 
bluemal: 14 years old:I’m young but I know what I want. This isn’t that hard, I’m all grown up already and... 
thesaladbar: heat helps with cramps. you can use a heat pad, but why stop there? rip your uterus out. set... 
Photoset:  
floopyluvspineapples: You always have that one follower who attacks your notifications in the middle of the... 
feeble-lion-turtle: when someone says ‘toxic’ in chemistry 
troylersamazingfire: strawberrimermaid: wantstobuildasnowman: YES I JUST AWED OUT LOUD I LOVE THIS VERSION 
Photo: constelltions: blank space by taylor swift // henry viii 
Photoset: crazyforshoey: my-darling-loki: thewakeupcall: this post is everything omg  I seriously tried to... 
Photoset: smartgirlsattheparty: micdotcom:12 famous women who totally owned sexist, racist and transphobic... 
gothgirlsgettingmoney: My least favorite thing is straight men who come into lush and act like it’s a... 
Photo: missharleenfquinzel: anunexplainablediva: wednesdaytheology: Harley Quinn #3 UHH YES. Like where tf... 
Photoset: sherlockandspockinthetardis: This is the best spiderman movie ever  [twitter] 
Overheard: so this just happened... guy customer: hey when's your next day off me: this weekend, why? guy... 
Photo: sushinfood: thehappysorceress: whiskysteaks: Nanna nanna.. Made me laugh. god dammit 
bowlingforsoup: id like to see an english teacher write a successful text post 
Photo: randomfandomteacher: keepcalmimspidey: vitaminsobsession: fuckyeah-nerdery:... 
Government Secret #22 - governmentsecret: Kim Possible is real and she’s our best agent  
Photoset: dragimal: mistletease: makeshipsnotwar: eyeslikedust: thefandomedson: mage-thing-of-breath:... 
zackisontumblr: grindrfamous: i think everyone thinks about becoming a prostitute at one point in their... 
Overheard: me at home: oh my god i lvoe history im G Onna STICK T H E ENTIRE TREATY OF VERSAILLES UP MY ASS... 
Overheard: There are two types of Tumblr-taggers - The ones who go all Instagram: #beautiful #pretty... 
romano-aru: whovian2711: So last week me and my friend were trying out a faceswap app And for some reason... 
albw: how to pick up chicks  
Photoset: cantcontrolthegay: If Netflix Was A Person 
noselfpreservation: When I was little, I ran up to my dad and told him excitedly, “Mom said I was a... 
Overheard: wally west as kid flash: i just wanna have a normal life, go college or some boring shit, rlly... 
joichang: riddlemetom: unfollower: I like how sweden just decided one day that gender is fucking bullshit... 
Photoset: I love how he constantly asked if she’s fine or not. (c) 
therunandwoah: falloutpanicatthechemicalboy: therunandwoah: we all hate on superwholocks for their long... 
fancifullauren: irishfangirlshipper: dorkstrider: why do women’s clothing designers believe that girls do... 
Photoset: therothwoman: 6 year old fan asks Sebastian a question. THIS POST THIS FUCKING POST I HAVE BEEN... 
positivityandpaperstars: official-2014: In class our teacher held up a black book and was like “this book... 
Photoset: peetaslongbun: Oh hey look, a 12 year-old just grasped the main concepts of The Hunger Games more... 
Photoset: You deserved better from me than one sword and a world of troubles. 
Photo: emmanemmy: I feel like this show broke a lot of barriers 
madelineyo: pocketspooks: locksandglasses: I remember when I thought people in their 20’s were adults. Now... 
thankful-werewolf: puhgs: really tho straight guys will go on and on about how uncomfortable it makes them... 
saranthropology: k-lionheart: madsmikklsen: i love how men mock women for being overemotional and then lose... 
ravclaw: homework to do: hella homework i’ve done: negative hella 
julianocasabranca: FUN STORY: my grandma lives in a city that was currently taken over by drug dealers and... 
dreamwurks: What feminism does for men: -Helps fight to end discrimination over men wearing “feminine”... 
Overheard: me: "first of all..." me: *has no second point* 
angrybagel: WHEN I FIRST MOVED TO AMERICA MY TEACHER TOLD ME TO “GET MY FANNY OVER HERE” AND I STOPPED DEAD... 
philoph0biia: "Oh gosh you look so pale! Are you alright?"…. Snow white didn’t have to deal with this 
meladoodle: i’m just gonna go ahead and say it… 101 dalmatians is far too many dalmatians 
drakebarmitzvah: *gets up before noon* man i really have my shit together today i am so ready for life... 
"Music is what feelings sound like" - Tom Odell (via onezia) 
Photoset: "Everyone says ‘oh I like your hipster glasses but they’re not real’ and I’m like noooo they help... 
Photo: thosefinelines: webs-we-weave: webs-we-weave: This is so awful and mean. If you guys see this,... 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: That smile alone could win an award 
Photo: Midna | <BLACK SPADE SUIT> 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: Fab fab fab 
Photoset: eyefuckingcandy: damnthatswhatshesaid: It’s called Karma, Paul. I needed this laugh. 
Photoset: louis2k9: reginasmom: how is he even still allowed to be on tv Lindsay Lohan has starred in more... 
Photoset: relyonloveonceinawhile: whatmariadidnext: two4fit: TABLOID HEADLINES WITHOUT THE SEXISM "WOMAN IN... 
Photo: thischick25: rainbowbarnacle: cassidyhillmusic: "we heard you had trouble sleeping" WELL EWE HERD... 
Photoset: pretentioususernametosoundsmart: gooseko: iplaybassoon13: dantheinsane1: zenpencils: ERICA... 
jxnc: brbjellyfishing: People born in 1997 are turning 18 now do you know how scary that is I am frightened... 
robertwmanion: SORRY BUT YOUR PASSWORD MUST CONTAIN ONE NUMBER, ONE CAPITAL LETTER, THE COW AS WHITE AS... 
Photoset: cobalt-borealis: I wanted to share this golden comment with everyone. 
madison-paige-phaniels: isolatedsystem: iwishihadafather: when british people say “maths” i laugh because... 
Appreciation Post for Captain Jack Sparrow - share: without a doubt the worst Pirate you have ever heard of 
Photo: " I feel like I’m the only one who just loves Let it go for it’s melody and Idina’s awesome voice,... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: anotherrandomfanboy: Help me! 
Photoset: danlle: BREAKING NEWS - Russia is moving to ban people with “mental disorders” such as fetishism,... 
Photo: idkimoutofideas: awkward-fallen-angel: rustboro-city: hailhydrangeas: visual-hana: comment from a... 
Photo: skyrimconfessionss: "Even if I don’t make any potions, I can’t help but collect all the alchemy... 
Overheard: the 2 types of parents when it comes to letting kids stay home from school - parent 1 : oh you... 
Photoset: deathmetal-alchemist: I’ve waited so long to reblog this you don’t understand 
Photoset: teatimetraditions: evrel: lithefider: vixen7: vixen7: Gamer gurrrl vs. Girl Gamer. (both pictures... 
itsbetterthananal: im waiting for the day i can use this as a reaction image and confuse everyone for a... 
Photo: worst-curse-forbidden-love: keepcalmimspidey: simplypurkey: jazzumon: destielkills:... 
Photoset: officialtaquito: offensiveheritage: This was on the news today, are you kidding me? holy shit are... 
Photoset: 90seyecandy: me in PE class 
plerndraws: What if Nintendo changed the music for when a unit dies in Fire Emblem Awakening to mmm whatcha... 
Photo: alphonse—elrics: preach 
Today in "Unnecessarily Gendered Products" : White Now Men - gryffodair: notgivingin-swim: gryffodair: THIS... 
Photo: ointmeal: princess-dakota: coluring: i want to put spiders on their laps and see what happens why... 
Photoset: the-ladiesandgentlemen-network: matchgirl42: Chris Evans helps Betty White to the stage at the... 
Is it bad that I almost died yesterday and I don’t know how to tell my parents? 
mygayshoes: Today I saw a dude try to physically remove a teenage girl from the disabled seating on the... 
Overheard: Women: Why do men spit in public? Men: Where ELSE should we spit? On you??? Do you want us to... 
Photo: piddlefiggy: OMG 
Photoset: demigirlryan: r.i.p. to chloe lacey, riley moscatel, leelah alcorn, landon ‘lexie’... 
missmirandaaraee: "dark lipstick makes you look intimidating" good. stay the hell away from me. 
Photo: Johnny Depp making grilled cheese sandwiches with an iron. 
Photo:  
Photoset: ❝ Link…I…See you later. ❞ 
runs-on-reindeer: When my sister was in the Marines some little shit told her to make him a sandwich so she... 
Photoset: piece-of-shvt: omfgdanshobbithair: nikkibsummers: nicknames/mottos (a more truthful version):... 
Photoset: bbcsherlockpickuplines: i really need series three: sherlock+mean girls Meanlock Week: Day 7 
Photo:  
fasterfood: sick of fake people. wtf. i was watching this movie the other day and this guy died in it, then... 
Photoset:  
Overheard: Me: gosh I'm tired. Adult: *swoops in* YOU'RE TOO YOUNG TO BE TIRED!! YOU'RE GENERATION IS SO... 
Photoset: I’ve become a master of napping anywhere. 
sophgoph-the-nerd: ninjility: mykindaboys: thebrowneyedzombie: i’m sorry but can we just take a moment to... 
the-doctor-exists: 1864damon: 8yrs: my head is hurting because i thought about my future for 0.3 seconds... 
Photo:  
Photo: the-fittest-feminist: thestormscrolls: no way in hell am i passing this up a student from uni... 
Photo:  
Photoset: cjs-scribbles: Robin having a secret little crush on Chrom that isn’t so secret really. 
Photo: tactician-kilala: I saw a dad wearing this shirt yesterday and it’s perfect for Chrom. He’s pretty... 
Photoset: rikko-chan: how it actually went x 
sacriersblood: when u accidentally type “google chrom” instead of “google chrome” 
Photo: hyrulephoenix: GOOGLE CHROM XD by HareSoup 
Photo: geekyasfuck: Chrom might just be a little too native. Just a little. 
johnmccainofficial: i dont understand why adults always ask at the end of a break if im excited to go back... 
the-average-gatsby: the-average-gatsby: imagine a horror movie where you’re trapped in your house with a... 
Overheard: spending time with family - me: [sitting on the couch, no one talks to me] 15 mins later me:... 
Photoset: frodno: the desolation of smaug: a summary 
"Disneyland was Walt’s gift to a weary world. Once you pass through its gates, the stress and strife of..." 
Photo: x-menzel: Well it couldn’t have been easy… 
so i heard this really weird noise, so I went down stairs to investigate and I see my 26 year old brother... 
Photoset: castielcampbell: too-much-tv-no-social-life: leonardodicrapio: Leonardo DiCaprio gets attacked by... 
Photo: becomebraver: I HAVE FOUND THE CUTEST THING ON THE INTERNET 
Photo:  
Photoset: (x) 
wonderstruckwanderer: hecallsmepineappleprincess: Word on the street is the next frozen move Disney is... 
Photoset: oniongentleman: ewebean: landstriderdovahkiin: SERIOUSLY THIS IS WHAT I EXPECTED TO SEE IN THE... 
if you’re reading this we’re now in a relationship love you babe 
paulsrockinpagoda: paulsrockinpagoda: current mood: facebook sticker of that cactus about to slam a pint of... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Cosplay’s of 2014 :) (Hermione - Harry Potter, Foxface - The Hunger Games,... 
schuckthetruckup: ringokotomi: Do authors cry when they kill the best character or do they smile, laugh and... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
artpopist: *thinks about something i need to do for school* 
wingscas: sometimes I can whip out a sweet essay in two hours and sometimes it takes me four tries to spell... 
Photoset:  
partybarackisinthehousetonight: if you’re ever feeling lazy just remember that the ancient greeks believed... 
Photo: 221bitssmallerontheoutside: uniquefestivalbeard: sandeul-thirst: galactic-kat: camilleonns: a... 
Photo: lacigreen: all my babes of any gender ~ pls know that abusers almost never appear to be abusers at... 
Photo: nabyss: sawmestarttobelieve: cali4niabullets: THIS IS SO WELL DONE IT SCARED ME This is the only... 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: butimthevillain: brolinapproved: catchaglimpseofalleble: nikkysclit: Can you not? AHG, I fucked this... 
Photo: catchaglimpseofalleble: mr-egbutt: WAKE UP POTTER WE’RE GOING TO THE ZOO Oh i get it now. 
Photo: thejunglenook: chubby-bunnies: azzventura: As a guy , it just hit me. good. 
southernsparkleandshine: Dreamworks really needs to make a movie about the story of the little boy fishing... 
Photoset: foreverythingidina: She looked stunning :) You ignore all those haters Dee, you were fabulous! 
Photoset: sean-codyvevo: Just because I’m gay… FINALLY SOMEONE DISMISSES THESE AWFUL GAY STEREOTYPES 
Have you ever thought that Sheik is like Zelda’s Batman? 
I’ve seen people do 2014 summeries, but I’ve been avoiding doing one. I decided to write one today (this is... 
Photoset: darkknightgifs: He’s the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now… 
Photoset: the-winter-soldier-is-here: Bilbo Tells Tales 
Photoset: audreyhellburn: republicans 
Photo: yuki-menoko: I’m done with my final print! 
fishy-the-fish: shixn: i think my priest might be gay????? i mean he keeps saying “ah, men” after every... 
I'd flip my shit if there was a Year of Peach - waterpulselaser: 
Photo: inchells: Burglar alert! 
Photoset:  
"Bilbo, where did you put the Arkenstone!?" - thorinshielding: lostwiginity: #in hell where this goddamn... 
Photoset: idinamenzelsa: On air! 
Photo: theywillliveagaininfreedom: nattella: theywillliveagaininfreedom: Art. DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW MUCH... 
Photoset: poppunkvampire: we-do-not-dance: Ladies of the MCU in posters I dream of a world where these are... 
cantusvulpis: dajo42: cantusvulpis: So my school is putting on Shrek the musical and the director asked me... 
Photoset: wardrobespierre: pbh3: First time experiencing the rain. JESUS FUCKING CHRIST THAT’S THE CUTEST... 
Photoset: old-clint-barton-had-a-farm: Ah yes, the Tolkien fandom, oldest and wisest. 
internetgirll: being born in the 90s is really weird and cool because we were the first generation to be... 
Masked Marth Cosplay: Pauldrons - minteleaf: Hello hello this is the cosplay breakdown for my Masked Marth... 
Photoset: kumashiro: “Let us fight with honor. May the best soldier win!” "Marth" | Photographer 
Photo: bakage: Source  
Photoset: ceruleandraco: HAPPY BIRTHDAY CHROM!!! and thank you to all my friends 
Photoset: x-menzel: Idina Menzel performs Let It Go on New Year’s Eve in Times Square, New York City 
themajesticmountainscold: moffats-army: theuppitynegras: siuilaruin: aria-brook: gentlenight:... 
Photoset: kdrxx: the-only-vampire-king: santa: audacious14: lotrlockedwhovian: acureforbrainwork: Hey... 
Photo: aslightlyangryfeminist: thatsonofamitch: hitlervevo: i wanna know the story behind this What the... 
danefonda: being the cutest and gayest member of my family is a lot of work but somebody has to do it 
solace-itor: ben-c: ben-c: my law teacher built a ten foot fence because he hated his neighbour, but the... 
lntternetexplorer: claphne: imagine: a court system where you do not know the gender, race, sexual... 
Photo: pandalovescosplay: I’m thinking about going to Comic con London with my brother and cosplaying Marth... 
I’ve been thinking about writing a song parody of Blank Space, and writing it as if Harley Quinn was... 
Photoset: sixpenceee: guykneecologist: This. omfg reblogging till the end of time 
Photoset: littlekitsunes: #I DON’T KNOW WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THIS THE MOST #THAT TAYLOR CAN SING RENT OFF THE... 
goingtobuffalo: the heterosexual agenda terrifies me. creating new small humans?? football?? bootcut... 
fquemark: I’m such a bad friend when it comes to communication, like if you don’t try to get in contact... 
Things I accomplished in 2013: - apologeticdragon: heartlesshellinore: paintedprintedpaper:... 
Photoset: jacknightshadefrost: frozen-autumn-sky: What have I done… you just made Frozen so much better 
Photoset: becapella: gayest scene in modern film history 
hipster-trichster: mistyslay: heres the realest shit ever: literally no one is going to pressure you to do... 
Photoset: dollfae: I spent the afternoon putting baby clothes on my cat who didn’t seem to care my second... 
Photo: animatedtext: 
Photo: tyleroakley: trinitymemes: I THOUGHT THIS WAS TWO HANNAHS try telling me this isn’t a lesbian couple... 
Photo:  
Photo: savethewailes: bananagator: inklou: martinfreemanisnotgay: bloodywellstammer: broriarty: lolbyeguise... 
bnaksy: when you actually did your homework but forgot it at home 
Photo: THE GUY BEING A SPIDER IN THE BACK THOUGH This is at least the third time I’ve reblogged this and... 
Photo:  
Photo: doopu: life hack 
Photo: sherlockspeare: "There is no such thing as a Santa Claus and flying sleigh, John." 
Photo:  
Photoset: eala-musings: an-endless-string: Catching Fire Deleted Scenes: FINNICK TIES KNOT SC 119 "…the... 
Anonymous said: Merry Christmas! Have a lovely time. 
Photo:  
Photoset: thenames-hiccup: yo mama jokes don’t work very well here 
Important Cosplay Construction Question to Ask Yourself - cosplaying-on-a-budget: Let’s talk crafting... 
Photo: thecumbercollective: It’s been ages since I’ve cosplayed Sherlock 
Photo:  
killself: REMEMBER WHEN THEY TOLD US NOT TO SPEAK TO STRANGERS ON THE INTERNET  
Photo: lestradebbc: its like im sorry but im not 
Photo:  
snh-snh-snh: I keep thinking oh man, I’m so immature. How am I allowed to be an adult. Then I spend time... 
Photo: kickingmydermatillomania: lorde-fans: Lorde via twitter Phenomenal. 
Photoset: Ellen DeGeneres at Tulane’s 2009 Commencement Speech. 
Photoset: the-fast-and-the-fluffiest: 
Photo: realistic-but-optimistic: Miranda Sings is a treasure 
cokeflow: tumblr has defiled my sense of humor and now I’m on this new tier of humor that no one in real... 
Thank you for following me. I really mean that. Each and every one of you deserves a big hug and some... 
curiouslymistook: healthycomfyhappy: blk0912: boredandmoist: This time last year I was unemployed, broke,... 
Photoset: m-e-d-i-e-v-a-l-d-r-e-a-m-s: This is like… I want this fucking shit! 
i-wanna-fuck-disney: none pizza with left mineral 
allonsyforever: The thing that fucks me up about tumblr is that there is literally a text post that says... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: thejinglegatsby: moosekingofhell: and we all feel a simultaneous punch to the gut. but!!!!! this... 
thegirl-inred: toned-tanned-fit-andready: v0nlaust: caliiforniadreaming-xo: gothicstan: localised: do you... 
isabelthespy: spitefulbitch: the stupidest thing in the entire harry potter series was when they go down to... 
Photoset: dashiecrash: One of the best transitions I’ve ever seen in a movie. 
Photoset: theinvadertrio: most emotionally damaging part of my childhood 
phrases that need to be banned from tumblr in 2015 - narcissamafoy: spread this like wildfire! if you don’t... 
Photoset: fuckyeahlavernecox: Laverne Cox corrects Gayle King on CBS 
youranimeprince: People who treat others like shit in order to “show how the real world is” Are literally... 
"Be the person you needed when you were younger." - Anonymous (the best advice you could ever give someone) 
versacepromises: there is so much unnecessary heterosexuality on tv 
Photo:  
Photoset: dudeufugly: constancecream: read full article here additional article —&gt; Fans are always having a... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: I made some Anna boots out of craft foam and my old school shoes 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Elsa dress update! Nearly finished it! 
Photoset: allyson-wonderlnd: What I love about Deadpool is that he’s got 2 attractive woman on his side and... 
Photoset: breakinq: following back tons 
zanetheaiden: u readin this? u a princess. i dont care if youre a goddamn bodybuilder, ur now princess... 
westerosimatriarchy: When people say they don’t want their kids ‘influenced’ by seeing homosexuality... 
Photo: holymotherofpizza: odair: IF I COULD REBLOG THIS 10 MILLION TIMES I WOULD GOD LOOK A T THIS PICTURE... 
Photoset: 808dilly: conspicuouslad: I read every one of these to my wife until she screamed at me to shut... 
Photo: tyleroakley: visakills: she literally has on 5 butterfly themed accessories when will your fave 
Reblog if you're gay, lesbian, bisexual, pansexual, asexual, transgender or a supporter. - This should be... 
Photoset: soviet-red: stonekeep: how he do that fucking artists man 
benvolio-the-living: I hate when parents use the whole “I pay for your food and clothes and everything... 
Photoset: morgrana: when someone unfollows me 
Photo: theawkwardgamer: Gaming by Irene Florentina 
Photoset:  
Photo: iglovequotes: Daily dose of love quotes here 
Photo: beneficialcucumberbatch: dying 
Photoset:  
Photoset: nagato316: thenotinferior: I AM SO SORRY. I accidentally deleted the post well here it is again.... 
Overheard: me when i first joined tumblr: haha i like your shoelaces!!! superwholockian 4 life! YES let's... 
Overheard: me when i first joined tumblr: haha i like your shoelaces!!! superwholockian 4 life! YES let's... 
Things I'm sick of hearing: - -Grow up -Stop acting like a child -You’re too young to make that kind of... 
Photo: shineuponthekeyhole: REALLY? 
Photo: listsandmasterposts: P R O D U C T I V I T Y 30/30*  - personal favorite, I always use this to study... 
Overheard: Have you ever just cried, but not because your just really angry. Like a rage cry, and then when... 
queencelinebean: sirida: jamesstruttingpotter: does anyone else suddenly get hit with flashes of dialogue... 
one-millionpieces: I’d say about 60% of the stories I tell go unfinished because either someone cuts me off... 
dirkstridersbraces: panderingtoacat: dirkstridersbraces: amazingsuperwholockisnotonfire:... 
slufflepuff: people who aren’t at least mildly obsessed with something are hard to buy gifts for 
Photo: thesakurabreeze: katiedoodles237: howtobebreefordummies: Hey, that last one is just plain wrong.... 
Photo: sempiternal-heart: ohmygodyou-areproposing: when-fates-collide: tbruiser:... 
Reblog if you post... - idinamenzelsa: suttonfosdork: heather—chandler: who-turned-off-the-lights: Shrek... 
Photoset: captain-foulenough: cthulhu-with-a-fez: inspector-snuggles: mcdownies: the-bite-of-frost:... 
Photoset: setbabiesonfire: impala-sonic-deductions: vivere-est-ars: every woman on tumblr should have this... 
aceyachi: shoutout to mentally ill teens who have their symptoms ignored because what their experiencing is... 
eruditionanimaladoration: suck-err: riverplants: foods dangerous to dogs: avocadoes alcohol raw bread dough... 
Photoset: teastudyspo: I think i may have and obssesion…. Studyspo wtih colors 
Photo: lordengliish: you have to cut it up you stupid turtle god cant you see your mouth isnt fucking big... 
merlinsbane: for me the biggest unsolved mystery of the world is whether or not My Immortal was a trollfic... 
Photo: iglovequotes: Daily dose of love quotes here 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
youngestholmes: Am I the only person frustrated that Sherlock couldn’t deduce anything from Irene when she... 
Photo:  
Photoset: marleyhashbarbie: Problems 
Photo:  
"I saw you at your worst; I stayed. you saw me at mine &amp; you were gone by sunrise." - withouut—hesitation... 
Photo:  
imightbemajin: does no one think it’s unhealthy for children and teenagers to wake up as early as 5 in the... 
please-say-nine: i think that teachers don’t understand why students get angry over them giving us homework... 
Overheard: me: Yay one week left before christmas vacations!!! PARTY!!! Teachers: Hey one week left before... 
Photo: hijabfullofsunshine: It’s finals week. 
Overheard: Murderer: I’m gonna kill you, unless you can answer my next question. Me: Okay. Murderer: What... 
Photo: accio-potterheadss: Why can’t teachers at my school do this?!? 
Photo: lolshtus: This Might Be The Most Accurate Thing Ever Written 
Photo: listsandmasterposts: P R O D U C T I V I T Y 30/30*  - personal favorite, I always use this to study... 
Photo: shineuponthekeyhole: REALLY? 
thisismegthenagainmaybeitsnot: *Screams of worried, distraught and panicking sixteen year olds heard in... 
Overheard: Me: Dude what should I go as for Halloween? Friend: Just write EXAM RESULTS DAY on a plain... 
yes-that-anonymous-girl: quick reminder that grades aren’t everything, your health and your happiness are... 
GCSE-HELP LINKS TO WRITING LIKE A GOD - gcse-help: How to write an essay A different method towards writing... 
Photoset: I’ve realised I take a lot of selfies in the mirror, and most of them are outfit/cosplay... 
Photo: jumboburrito: I took Elsa’s makeup off 
Video: tess—ticles: so that other video thats been floating around with elsa and anna singing lifes too... 
Photo: lissa-42: Hope for a new future Took a break from Kristanna and drew some sisterly love. Kept it... 
Here's the Thing About Idina's Voice... - dapperzack: It hasn’t been the same since she did “Wicked”. Doing... 
Audio: "Deleted Opening Song" - Frozen 
Audio: obscuredisneysongs: "Life’s too Short" (Reprise) cut from Disney’s FROZEN "Life’s Too Short" was a... 
Audio: sodelightfullydisney: DELETED DISNEY SONGS "Life's Too Short" sang by Kristen Bell &amp; Idina Menzel as... 
Photoset: Elsa &amp; Anna in “The Dressing Room” Part 2 || Part 1 
Photo: heartofarendelle: I was wrong about him… It wasn’t true love. 
Photoset:  
Photoset: Never Underestimate The Power Of Elsa 
Audio: obscuredisneysongs: "More Than Just the Spare" cut from Disney’s FROZEN This song was intended to be... 
Photoset: What are you so afraid of? 
Video: picture-of-sophisticated-grace: Can we just try to imagine how this scene would have looked in CGI... 
Photoset: nahveen: Anna's Freckles Appreciation Post requested by anonymous 
Video: Frozen deleted scene “Never Underestimate The Power Of Elsa” 
Photoset: Requested by: littlefrozenprinceess ♡ 
Photoset: weird-lil-shit:  I tried  Omg, i was reading some Frozen Facts i read this. Its so SASSY. 
Video: animationtidbits: Frozen - Deleted Scene 
panicacidide: Apparently it’s not socially acceptable for a man to invite another man out just for coffee... 
Photoset: woahhduudee: cinemove: The Breakfast Club (1985) dir. John Hughes Saturday, March 24, 1984.... 
cokeflow: make your child stop screaming or I will 
"Women are a balancing act Don’t eat too much, don’t eat too little. Don’t be fat, don’t be too skinny...." 
Photoset: sheikiro: 祝福 
Photo: thestonemask: "One mask to bring them all and in the darkness bind them." 
squidward-vevo: raise ur hand if ur tired of the words gay and lesbian being treated like swear words... 
Photo: reindeerlock: bbcthree: deducethegay: I MADE THAT PHOTO AND IT’S BECOME LIKE A MEME AND SOMEONE... 
Photo: ejacutastic: kill the imposter 
themightyclaire: dennyismydestiel: My husband teaching his 1st year English Lit class: “I will now in 50... 
Photoset: glowcloud: seventieth: brainstatic: Do you have any idea how easy it is to fake a Facebook... 
littleoldariel: Lemme get this straight, kids movies can sexualize a fish and have a woman fall in love... 
certan: deleting my school to focus on tumblr 
Photo: furrybaby: willlferal: fromonesurvivortoanother: Teacher asks her first graders about this photo of... 
Things Californians get excited about - lilac-mullingar: spookydarrencrisscrosschrist: cockyogurt: Rain... 
Photoset: chicksleighney: Major Breaking News: Women are in fact human beings. 
Photo: nerdsandgamersftw: stunningpicture: As a parent of identical twins, this is how we kept sane at... 
Photo: fus-ro-dragonage: lstvo: Fa la la la la la fus ro dah perfect 
Photo: sasstrekking: upallnightogetloki: courfeyluck: jimmykirks: decorated my pinetree it’s a christmas... 
Photoset: waltsentme: disney-park-junkie: I promised myself if this hit my dash again I’d reblog it. I miss... 
Photoset: saving-people-in-a-flash: real pain is watching Barry Allen cry  
Photoset: saving-people-in-a-flash: real pain is watching Barry Allen cry  
Photoset: circl3: DC Sidekicks by Wee_Arts  
unfollowryanross: if you ever feel bad about yourself, just remember this one time in my english class, we... 
Photo: knittywriter: nonymoose: ultrafunnypictures: The snowman came out a little differently than... 
Photo: geodude: peterfromtexas: Some statistic for today I HATE THIS 
Girls - fullmetalpuppy: Some girls are confident some girls are shy some girls like boys some girls like... 
Photoset:  
Photo: rudegyalchina: Dear white people Fuck you and who ever else is posting this fake picture. Stop... 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
Photoset: happy-follows-sweaty: floraliris: DREAMS i fancy a banana 
hula-hope: My grandpa has Alzheimer’s so he has no idea who my grandma is but everyday for the last three... 
schuckthetruckup: ringokotomi: Do authors cry when they kill the best character or do they smile, laugh and... 
Photoset:  
Photo: benedizzle-cumberwubwubwub: totallyfubar: tryingtofindthegreatperhaps: totallyfubar: totallyfubar:... 
Photoset: meandmyfrozenheart: starbitcosplay: I never knew what I was capable of <SNOWFLAKE> Amazing Elsa 
Photoset: ellendegeneres: itsallrobsten: Ellen in the movies Ellen’s been in all the big blockbusters. 
hot-potato-cold-bazooka: hot-potato-cold-bazooka: So I’m moving into a new apartment, and I was told that... 
Photo: likingthistoomuch: writingwife83: davidhottennant: EVERY TIME I WATCH IT, IT GETS FUNNIER. HELP IM... 
Photoset: Heath Ledger on the set of TDK 
tipsymaple: I may not be a perfect person but at least I have never yelled at an employee in a store 
wrestlingcrocs: nice-wig-janis: what even happens inside a dishwasher dishes get washed 
thedoctor-hasthe-sorcersstone: SO TODAY IN CLASS THIS GIRL ASKED “DO YOU SHIP KIDS?” AND AFTER EXPLAINING... 
actuallycrying: *studies for 5 minutes* *goes on walk for 2 hours* *takes an hour to eat a sandwich* *takes... 
Photoset: phylavel: url inspired graphics → harleyqujnn 
Photoset: lissadragomr: Jared Leto as Joker, Margot Robbie as Harley Quinn, Tom Hardy as Rick Flag, Will... 
Photo: I’m trying to make enzymes interesting did it work? 
john-egberts-floating-arms: bitch-youdontknowmylife: So I was making gingerbread houses with my sisters... 
Photo: fullereno: trixdraws: [insert caption here] "No Anna, I don’t want to build a f***** snowman right... 
Photoset: Link &amp; Zelda  +  Costumes 
Photo: foreverythingidina: West End run of Wicked, 2006 I love that Act 2 dress. 
Photo: idinaforlife: Excuse me while I’m 43 and flawless! 
"I wonder if they will edit out all the bullshit I say" - Idina Menzel (via rachel-defying-gravity) 
"I have a driver because they don’t trust that I’ll get to the theatre on time." - Idina Menzel (via... 
Photo: addictedtoidina: The original cast of RENT 
meangreenelphie: Everyone has that one musicals they would do absolutely anything to be in. Even if it’s... 
Photo: frenchfanzel: "Imperfections make it better" <GROWING HEART> 
Photoset: Idina Menzel and Helen Dallimore performing Defying Gravity at the Royal Variety Performance 
Photoset: lostitatthecitylimit: Idina Menzel | Magazine Covers (2013-2014) 
Photo: skyhighdiamond: made this a while ago, totally forgot to upload it. 
Photoset: gunnoises: Disney fangirl meme || [6/7] Voice actors - Idina Menzel "I’m a singer, so it’s not... 
Audio: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel &amp; Jennifer Nettles | Let it Go | CMA Country Christmas 
Photo: idinamenzel: I’ve been so excited to tell you. I’m hitting the road this summer! I can’t wait to see... 
Photoset: A normal day in The Queen’s life "Thanks you so much for a million fans on facebook ! It’s so... 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: there’s a sweet potato 
Photoset: tookmyworldwithyou: And though I never dreamed I could learn how to love again. I placed my bet... 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel // iHeartRadio concert 
Photo: ithoughtitwassummer: In which people’s suspicions about Idina Menzel sleeping with a petite blonde... 
"When I played Elphaba, I never realized it at first, but I was tapping into a lot of stuff from my..." 
Photo: queenidinamenzel: Idina, just casually sleeping next the doll of the character that got her song an... 
Photoset: idinaforlife: "People who hand-talk tend to be evaluated as warm, agreeable and energetic. GREAT... 
Video: addictedtoidina: A day in the life of Idina Menzel 
Photo: fuckyeahbehindthescenes: Walt Disney Studios had some version of the movie (previously called The... 
Photoset: Musical Theatre Challenge:     [1/5 Solos] "Popular"-Wicked You’re gonna grin and bear it your... 
Photoset: foreverythingidina: Original Pictures from the Wicked Original Cast photo shoot 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: The gates of heaven 
Photoset: “In these dangerous times, where it seems the world is ripping apart at the seams, we can all... 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: Beauty tips with Idina Menzel 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel, the voice of Elsa 
Photo: the-ruler-by-sam-winchesters-bed: I am about to scream (hi esha-the-terrible) 
"I was the green one." - Idina Menzel (via wordsallowustolive) 
Photoset:  
Photoset: addictedtoidina: That moment when you nail the big note 
Photoset: (▰˘◡˘▰) 
Photoset: munettie: guru—guru: fuckyeahclassiclink: on-off-switch: The Legend of Zelda for Wii U - 2014 The... 
cumberknitterfiles: fieldbears: pocketpadfoot: Imagine James Potter getting wasted and making a bet with... 
Overheard: How schools kill creativity - Student: Wow! I got the right answer to that math problem using a... 
Photo:  
Photo: punkrockbetty: vanity-est-venganza: officialundertaker: i  DONT KNOW W HY IM LAUGHING S O HA RD A T... 
Photoset: soulofahuntress: xderpypotato: unamusedsloth: How to properly pet animals by Adam Ellis the last... 
buckybarneswho: Mockingjay: *president kills innocent people* Mockingjay: *bombs hospital full of un-armed... 
Photoset: chenzels: AU: modern Wicked. 
Photo:  
Video: adrians: dxindustriesinc: I see absolutely no reason why I should have won this race And also no... 
Photoset: "Can you do Martin Freeman?" 
Photoset: fvck-you-i-like-girls: btmegan: She’s laughing bc she’s like same Yeessss 
Photoset: midna-of-twilight: I hate every reaction except the last one 
Photoset: It’s fun playing dumb, isn’t it Benedict? 
Photo:  
Photoset: gottaspendapenny: Favourite behind the scenes photos- Sherlock series 3 episode 1: The Empty... 
frozun: i think a lot of people forget that you can actually still come across as confident and have social... 
iggyazaleasss: sitting in math like 
midna-of-twilight: girahimu-sama: what if the new zelda game was a new split in the timeline 
adamwesleybrown: movies to watch on Christmas Eve to get you in the holiday spirit: Rent jk stay away at... 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: addictedtoidina: Beloved Disney Queen, Idina Menzel (x) I love it when my old... 
Photoset: sherlockspeare: sherlockspeare: dreamsisfreedom: cumber-bitches: a-paradox-of-feels:... 
Photoset: notmydate: The Desolation of Smaug | From green screen to movie screen. 
Photo: sasstrekking: upallnightogetloki: courfeyluck: jimmykirks: decorated my pinetree it’s a christmas... 
equisollux: zombiecthulu: basedkuroko: my friend is hiding under this bean bag in the library so he doesnt... 
Reblog if your Tumblr is NOT connected to your Facebook. - dustinis: ioweyouamoffat: allons-y-jawn:... 
claykaczmarek-y: i sent this photo to one of my friends  with the caption ‘motherfuckin bubbles. you best... 
Photoset: deviantseer: ryancrobert: #TransformationTuesday She was practicing her witchcraft it makes sense... 
nepetalast: sheyna-sterling: pissy-little-aquarius: why are parents allowed to yell and scream at their... 
Photoset: anawkwardnugget: hecallsmepineappleprincess: Disney Animated Ladies Census This is actually one... 
Photo:  
konorai: kurakos: learning languages is fun until i gotta do it for a grade Learning new things in general... 
thrustingbutts: skincarvedheart: that-horny-mofo: Remember when Kim Possible was on Lilo and Stitch? Or How... 
milesjai: all-brawn-no-brain: the-girl-who-laughed: THIS IS HILARY DUFF. THIS QUEEN BUILT DISNEY CHANNEL... 
Photo: ssb4bingo: alderion-al: A dream (? A dream worth dreaming 
Photoset: kernalmustache: sararye: letswishuponastar: A good friend knows when to hold you back. A best... 
nickfuckface: parents: “u should be more active” me:  
Photoset: green-satan: this movie was a masterpiece  
Photoset: ♫ That perfect girl is gone. ♫ 
i-need-that-seat: iapollogise: I love pirates because they have no concept on albeism. oh you have no leg?... 
Photoset: hardcoregrandma: me as a parent 
Photo:  
spockisinthetardis: marauders4evr: Alright, folks. I know that some of you are heading off to college. And... 
Photoset: Benedict Cumberbatch answering a question regarding his lisp at The Imitation Game Fandango Q&amp;A... 
Photo: bounoromato: cokeflow: I CAN SHOW U THE WORLD HAVE YOU SEEN MY SON? 
Photo: artbyclaire: "Get in bitch, we’re going shopping" 
Photo: (x) 
Photoset: gcatherinev: I think we need to applaud Toby Haynes on his brilliant direction for this episode.... 
heroineofwisdom: I fucking love how the Zelda official art always tries to make Link look all fierce and... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: constable-frozen: elsa 
baconsloth: deoxyhemoglobin: I was chatting with a donor before I drew his blood, and he was a dentist.... 
Photo:  
romangod: somethingtolose-somethingtoprove: romangod: See, this post isnt even funny. Its just a picture of... 
moclcingjays: I’m at that point in the school year where I could get hit by a car and when the driver comes... 
Photo: these-times-shall-pass: Are you a teen? This blog is for you! 
rydenarmani: my hobbies switching between the same three apps for hours not speaking to anyone for days at... 
Photoset: ha-harleyquinn: blackcatula: socialjustinope: true gender equality 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: That moment when you nail the big note 
"I ran around a forest in my underwear." -  180 Hours on The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion (via... 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
rneerkat: “i bet you cant name two structures that can hold water!” “well, dam” 
heichouandthetitans: i love how JKR wrote hagrid so much what an amazing character he was big and strong... 
Photoset: Worry about your hair! What? I just fell off a cliff, you should see your hair! No, yours is... 
Photo: grandegarlic: bogleech: werewarg: onlylolgifs: Polymer balls that are invisible in water IMAGINE... 
Video: justsomesilly: This…. THIS 
Photo: raind0wn: kellyjacobsbooks: yeffyaboyuice: she-is-sherlocked: triannakennedy: anthony-fucking-stark:... 
Photo: awwww-cute: they follow him everywhere 
Photo:  
Photo: nerdsandgamersftw: dorkly: unamusedsloth: The new lightsaber has many different uses. Pretty sure... 
Photo:  
Photoset: bi2exaulbae: thatcuriouskat: buzzfeed: 15 Of The Most Empowering Things Emma Watson Has Ever Said... 
Photo: passionxfruitxbii: <BLACK HEART SUIT>this 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: It’s not easy being green… 
Photoset:  
godfrapp: Does anyone else go on Wikipedia to look something up and then click on a bunch of random links... 
Photo:  
Photoset: andrewscottt: Andrew Scott spilling some juicy spoilers about his new role as Denbigh in upcoming... 
At school - astropelican: Aries : Always yelling  Taurus : What the fuck am I doing here Gemini : Has to... 
Photoset: do0lally: jujubee58: Thank you, Jon! motherfucker 
Photoset:  
Photoset: a-cumberbatch-of-cookies: benedictsolo: BENEDICT OR SHERLOCK I DON’T EVEN KNOW ANYMORE WHO CARES 
Photo: iglovequotes: Daily dose of love quotes here 
speightbrigade: nicolascageforthirteenthdoctor: samuel-vimes: misbeliefs: british boys: hey babe, how are... 
belllaavitaaa: I don’t know how some girls are 100% straight like have you seen girls 
luckydreaming: mancomics: luckydreaming: Don’t post your negativity on a positive post. Electrons I should... 
Photoset: “Thank you so much to the British fashion industry! You have been immensely supportive of me and... 
Photo: My school are so thoughtful! Look at these lovely mock exams I have the week before Christmas! 
Photo: midna-of-twilight: HAVING AN ABSOLUTE MELTDOWN BECAUSE I AM SO HAPPY— MY TWO GAMER BFFS AND I ARE... 
Photo:  
Photo:  
cocaine-cutie: everyone has that “thing” about them that people talk about when you’re not there. WHAT IS... 
Photo:  
Overheard: u: i dont like ur favorite character me: ok cool ur opinion. 100%. this respect. me irl: wtf the... 
Overheard: Mom: why is everything on the floor? Me: gravity mom 
Photoset: ask-gallows-callibrator: raise-youup: proof that a gif set of a drag queen receiving acceptance... 
Photoset: insanely-smart: And the sexiest villain surrender goes to… ♛ Second best Loki last word ever. 
Photo: iglovequotes: Daily dose of love quotes here 
wayward-sons-and-fallen-angels: irontargaryen: irontargaryen: my favorite thing about the science side of... 
theshoutingendoflife: jaclcfrost: standing next to sunflowers always makes me feel weak like “look at this... 
yoshio-yoshida: Oh my god youre straight? I had no idea. You seem normal to me. Did you know that Sara is... 
Photo: secretaryofsass: look at all those chickenths 
Photoset: madhatter0: triadshealer: sunspotpony: This is why I love these people. Words can’t tell how I’m... 
Photoset: I never fucking get tired of this post. Merry Christmas. 
snail2112fly: oregonfairy: sandflake: I dearly wish that people would view their bodies as they view... 
Photoset: sicklysatisfied: But I got a blank space baby, and I’ll write your name. 
the-rip-current: I’m pissed off. I’m pissed that amazing people are suicidal. I’m pissed that kids get... 
Photo: sageoftenpaths: B. Y. E 
Photo:  
Photoset: carryonlordof221b: This is exactly what snapchat was created for 
Photoset: tylerqueenofsass: that took an unexpected turn 
lightrup: maybe university isn’t a good idea maybe becoming a tree is a good idea 
Photoset:  
Photoset: itsstuckyinmyhead: Another avengers photo set i put together, enjoy. Set #11 set #10 set #12 
Photoset:  
Photoset: rainbowbarnacle: peoplemask: The cat in the fish basket kills me every time. Smug bastard. THE... 
Photo:  
Photo: constantine-spiritworker: davemakesmybrokorogodirkydirky: WHY AM I LAUGHING SO FUCKING HARD HELP I... 
Overheard: me yesterday night : lol who needs sleep me today: i do. i need sleep. me tonight: lol who needs... 
Photo: mmrnd: tsukikipin: Harry Potter and the Year Nobody Got A Haircut. Harry Potter and the goblet of... 
loser-fish: Today in biology the teacher asked “why do chromosomes have to stick together?” And I whispered... 
rydenarmani: my hobbies switching between the same three apps for hours not speaking to anyone for days at... 
Photo:  
"Strangeness is a necessary ingredient in beauty." - Charles Baudelaire  (via wordsnquotes) 
reindeerlock: thealogie: thealogie: That one part of the Sherlock Holmes exhibit where you just hear... 
foreverinvisibleharriet: phantomdoodler: "what would you do if you won the lottery?" I still wouldn’t tbh 
Photo: prufrockslovesong: naturallybohemian: This motivated me to study. Thanks tiny cactus. THE TINY... 
"Thou must reblog thy crush’s selfie’s" - The Gay Women Channel (via thatsweetturkishdelight) (x) 
Photoset: luckyra88it: so-very-cool: the-vortexx: If real life was like The Sims I will high five you over... 
frantzfandom: you ever think about the other sperm you beat out to exist? the astronauts? the rappers? the... 
officialheinzdoofenshmirtz: i’d be a terrible superhero i’d be at home and see the signal calling me in the... 
Photoset: soviet-red: stonekeep: how he do that fucking artists man 
joshpeckofficial: when you develop a crush on someone that you have no chance with 
Photoset: maredyer: harry potter + first and last chapters 
Photoset: sherlock-undercover: His Last Vow commentary with Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat: Mark: This is... 
familyfriendlyurl: let me in ur friend group ill be that weird kid who occasionally says funny stuff and... 
vves: me: mom can you come here mom: me: *yells* MOM CAN YOU COME HERE mom: me: *whispers* why the fuck... 
owlmylove: i was ringing up a winter hat for a man the other day and i said “oh, it’s so cute! i love the... 
dancybutt: "what state do you live in?" constant anxiety 
Photo: haneefistheonlyone: kwamejaw: Im pretty sure I walk past a lot more cops than that 
hella-g4y: Today my biology teacher asked me what I found attractive in men and I said their girlfriends,... 
Photoset: "Chris and Chris, this is like a radio show!" 
haru-to-my-levi: the best part of waking up is literally nothing, please let me go back to sleep 
foreverinvisibleharriet: elenascupcake: the whole of 2014: Tbh all of 2014 has felt like this :’) 
Photo: stunningpicture: It’s the season at Target. 
wisped: wisped: What do you call someone who is obsessed with the moon a lunatic 
Photo:  
Overheard: January : Maybe it's not my weekend, but it's gonna be my year. December : I'm so sick of... 
REBLOG if you are ASEXUAL, support ASEXUALS, or are SECRETLY 16 CATS IN A TRENCH COAT 
Photoset: Frozen + lies (Hans) or opposites [1/2] 
Overheard: mom: what are you gonna bring to christmas dinner me: my negative attitude and sparkling... 
Photo: zolaida: Finally sketched traditionally again, and what better to draw then my beloved Zelda in her... 
sirbombalot: Fill your heart with bees. If someone breaks your heart, then they have to deal with the bees. 
Photo: sue-78: The Hobbit Movies UK The brilliant Benedict Cumberbatch signs a fan’s amazing Smaug... 
Photoset: watsonsandholmeses: Martin Freeman at the world premiere of ‘The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five... 
Photoset: luciawestwick: Benedict Cumberbatch gives a man rub at The Hobbit The Battle Of The Five Armies... 
Photoset: idinamenzelsa: Taye appreciation post 
Photo: mazurga: Gelebor 
Photo: just-skyrim-things: For the newbs 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Overheard: me when I first joined tumblr: lol I probably won't ever use this 
zackisontumblr: the hardest decision online is whether or not a video is worth pausing your music for 
commanderinqueef: today at the park some guy broke his ankle and one of the people said “give him some... 
queerashellandstuff: queerashellandstuff: pros about being in lesbians with a girl can makeout in the girls... 
ronaldkn0x: its not easy being a complete fuck up but someones gotta do it 
Photo: kise-15: Jason!!!!!! ♡ 
Photoset: mickeyandcompany: Disney Ladies Appreciation Month - Day 13: Anna &amp; Elsa 
Photo:  
sherlock-addict: If we think how good a year 2014 has been for Benedict, let’s think what 2015 is gonna... 
Photo:  
Photoset: ingaiya: My nicest screenshots from Skyrim 
Overheard: ant: hey man im just gonna take these crumbs, that cool? people: no you absolutely motherfucking... 
Photo: headrubs: meanplastic: me in 70 years how many elmos must die 
radical-beta: when someone you don’t like loves the same song as you 
Photo: tyleroakley: notjackwhite: fuckingflorida: lmao what happened to Tyler Oakley help 
Today at Christmas lunch - holyclamjammer: Aunt: so are you seeing anyone at the moment? Me: yeah,... 
date: That weird awkward run you do when a car lets you cross the street :S 
jaclcfrost: "what is your sexuality?” [laughs and claps a hand to your shoulder] my thoughts exactly! 
Photoset: constantlyfreemaned: Martin talking Ben and Sherlock at The Hobbit premiere (X) 
Photoset: constantlyfreemaned: Martin talking Ben and Sherlock at The Hobbit premiere (X) 
Photoset: brucetimms: Jason Todd, Under The Red Hood 
Photo: haljordamn: I’m obsessed with this quote. Can you tell? 
Photoset: aegontargaryen: Dick and Jason in Nightwing The Series, Episode 5 
Photo: daily-superheroes: If Batman played golf… 
Photo: daily-superheroes: Batman quote 
Photoset: iamjohnlocked4life: Yes, we missed you! #misstache #notdead 
Photoset:  
disp0sableheroes: Please don’t ever feel bad about posting about how your day’s going or a random story or... 
Photo: shapeandcolour: This weekend, activists in Uganda - a country where homosexuality is punishable by... 
Photo: pandalovescosplay: I MADE A ZELDA CHRISTMAS TREE DECORATION!!!! 
deductiom: chillona: one-hella-fine-viking: loldork: Depressing thought: in a 100 years almost everyone... 
deletingmyself: My goal in 2015 is to accomplish the goals of 2014 which I should have done in 2013 because... 
Photoset: harukami: grace-brisbane: echrai: I’ve always loved Will’s split second face of “Barbossa? What... 
Photo: bo-po-mo-fo: Here’s a painting I did of Zelda a while back. 
Photo: twowandsandadrink: astral-nexus: vegan-xicano: prettynymph: Sea world should be wiped the fuck out... 
Photo: risarodil: Fire is catching 
mapleglowsticks: thehat2: meladoodle: what do you mean a thesaurus isnt a dinosaur this is adorable as fuck... 
hella-g4y: Today my biology teacher asked me what I found attractive in men and I said their girlfriends,... 
Photoset: mentalalchemy: gracehelbig: buzzfeed: This is Foo-Chan, the Japanese equivalent of Grumpy Cat.... 
dajo42: juvia-makes-it-rain: A wonderful animation full of flower symbolism in which a teenage girl cuts... 
Photoset: Frozen + lies (Hans) or opposites [2/2] 
Photo: teacup-e-cosplay: Just when everyone is bored of frozen cosplay… You’re welcome. 
Photo: meandmyfrozenheart: mysharona1987: Sign at a pre-school. AHAHAH 
Reblog if you've ever been called: - theangelneedsahunter: inkf3cted: Attention seeker. Selfish.... 
romankyaryday: i went to a new school when i started second grade and i still remember what my parents said... 
cumbercookie-in-the-tardis: Okay guys this is serious. Please reblog if you are bisexual or support being... 
soupgirl02: yall realize the average lifespan for a trans woman is 30-32 years.. and that is largely... 
Overheard: I WAS JUST AT WAL-MART AND THEN - Little boy: Mommy, why is Wonder Woman not wearing any pants?... 
Photo:  
Photoset: mishasminions: werewolfchaos: pagingme: tastefullyoffensive: [blaine gibson] GASTON Nobody get’s... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: swiggityswackpaintitblack: homestuckcrockpot: funfrom4chan: To Infinity why does this have more... 
"Depression is the most unpleasant thing I have ever experienced… . It is that absence of being able to..." 
Photo:  
Photoset: "The truth is, I’m a better actor when I’m a director than when I’m doing my cameos." Ladies and... 
Photoset: earthtojane: Benedict Cumberbatch in Starter For 10 (2006) and Star Trek Into Darkness (2013) 
Photoset: itsstuckyinmyhead: Cats and Tumblr 
Photo: He’s figured it out. she wants the h 
Photoset:  
Photo: natlovespandas: I might have to use these shoes on a Harley Quinn cosplay :P 
Photo: I might have to use these shoes on a Harley Quinn cosplay :P 
Photoset:  
Photoset: we’re still playing the game 
Photo: bennyslegs: aconsultingdetective: BLESS ARE YOU SERIOUS HOLY SHIT 
Photo:  
proudlyunicorn: I wish lesbians were as easy to find in real life as they are on tumblr 
Overheard: 12-year-old girl: I don't want kids when I grow up. Society: You'll change your mind when you... 
Photoset: book-shish: Victorian style is on. 
Photoset: a-watercolor-sky: toreadors-toast: Laminate your gay baby This is the greatest 
Photoset: xotwjonasxo: forever reblog 
Photo: Can we just….. 
Photo:  
missterbooflakes: notalldippers: ever think about how katniss is an asexual mentally ill deaf native girl... 
Photo:  
Photoset: Arrogance…  Ego…  Pride…  This darkness nurtured within you…  shall be your undoing! 
Photo: rpgfanatics: Professions in Skyrim 
"If you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor." - Desmond Tutu... 
Photo: officiallalexgaskarth: game84cube: wholock-r-a-dorkiplier: DID I JUST GET FUCKING KISSED BY thE MOST... 
mill-iam: Hands are weird because one of them can do absolutely everything without a problem and the other... 
criedwolves: you don’t want to see posts about ferguson? well me neither. i don’t want to see unarmed black... 
Photo: ultrafacts: Source: Ernesto Sirolli’s Ted talk conference speech Follow Ultrafacts for more facts 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: Same 
Photo: #this holds way more meaning today 
Photo: ughbenedict: OH MY GOD??????? 
Photoset: thoselittlephanthings: 35. "Look at all those chickens!" [x] 
Photo: mc211: ”There are enough assholes on the internet. DON’T BE ONE.” 
Photoset: prettybluescarf: turntechgoddamnit: where da party at you are the person our math problems warned... 
Photo: sherlock-addict: Holmes and Watson - series 4 promo pic. x 
tjaw96: If you tell me you’re going to sleep and I see you 10 minutes later on Tumblr, I understand... 
Photo:  
Photoset: Nice to meet you, where you been? I could show you incredible things. 
Photoset: starkswaters: "I realize I detest  H a y m i t c h.  No wonder the District 12 tributes never... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Frozen Dress designs! No cosplay is ever perfect so I try to personalize each... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: My Anna Dress! It’s not perfect, but I think it looks pretty good for my first... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Zelda Crown :) 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: More Zelda cosplay stuff :) 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Zelda Armor 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: I made a smaller version of anna’s dress for my little sister (it’s not quite... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Frozen Dress designs! No cosplay is ever perfect so I try to personalize each... 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: My Anna Dress! It’s not perfect, but I think it looks pretty good for my first... 
Photo: upyourcactus: whenwilligetmyrights: “Every time someone says we don’t need feminism anymore, things... 
Photoset: umindisney: 前描いてた奴の追加分。あとメリダ描いたらとりあえず完成ですね。 
pure-b3auty: lavdear: theuppitynegras: crockercorp: does anyone else have this other self they’ve created... 
sheikahstone: steel-samurai-maya-smelting: demilink: please acknowledge that link is canonically mute link... 
hiatus-is-killing-me: jimmypagesunderagedgirlfriend: a tEENAGER???… withPOLITCIAL OPINIONS?? no… politics... 
pandalovescosplay: Society: (looks at woman) lol you’re ugly (woman spends half her life saving money and... 
Photo: aseaofquotes: F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby 
"I’m so thankful that I get to do what I love for a living; thankful for my If/Then family; thankful..." 
Photo:  
Anonymous said: ur a girl you shouldnt play videogames 
secondstartotherae: There are countries that have banned Mockingjay for fear their people will finally rise... 
Photo:  
Photoset: cartopathy: couldntpossiblycomment: Also have we talked about this already? And if so, why did we... 
thesmellofcoffeeinthemorning: thesmellofcoffeeinthemorning: there’s a ten year old boy in my high school... 
"The loneliest moment in someone’s life is when they are watching their whole world fall apart, and all..." 
Photoset: We’ve had some frustrating cases… 
Photoset: kyleyo: mrdrcactus: Somebody got a defective copy of Smash 4, and it’s horrifying. 
Photoset: to be free 
Photo:  
Photo: playbill: Idina Menzel Will Launch Global Concert Tour in 2015; Initial Dates Announced 
I hate it when a student asks a legit question because theyre confused and the teacher treats them like an... 
doppelgender: the saddest part of The Fault In Our Stars was definitely when Augustus fell into the... 
Photoset: to be free 
Photo: idinamenzel: I’ve been so excited to tell you. I’m hitting the road this summer! I can’t wait to see... 
sincerely-steeny: galifianafuck: when you write a sentence and it rhymes why does the picture make perfect... 
Photoset: heyfunniest: Things to know for no reason.  
Photoset: - Professionals - Frat buds - Children 
Photo: pleasantgoose: pleasantgoose: the app store has really stepped up its game i didn’t set my ipod on... 
Photo: waywardandwanderlust: heartsandmagic: Cat doesn’t know what to do with the butterfly that flew on... 
Photoset: tvd-iron-fey-nerdy: this is terrifying and beautiful at the same time 
Photoset: malyssanicole: #I’ve always felt like Harry and Draco weren’t opposites #They were two sides to... 
Photo: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel lets it go where the music takes her “But I do believe that you’re... 
fartgallery: chesterloaf: fartgallery: i donate blood in the hopes that my blood will overpower theirs and... 
"I wanted to kill myself and you were yelling about dirty dishes" - 12 word story, d.m  (via ruby-moon) 
Photo: yourdogisnotawolf: This is not a wolf OR a dog, this is clearly an alligator. 
Photoset: noitsbeckysmith: noitsbeckysmith: The cast of Mean Girls for the Reunion Issue of Entertainment... 
4kaylum: datvikingtho: conor-cymex: mydogsnokes: i will not buy flowers for a girl because flowers are... 
h0odrich: Shoutout to every black and white cat named oreo Can this include rabbits? 
Photo: fuckyesvoltaire: ismayell: These computer programs taught themselves how to walk. Generation 80... 
Overheard: Me at 10 PM: fuck man i'm so tired Me at 4 AM: i must WRITE A NOVEL 
boo-bickells: do you ever get attached to like one line or phrase from a song and it holds so much meaning... 
thefishwhoalwayssaysmyleg: maydayinwonderland: every song can be depressing if u try hard enough where do... 
leadmeouttothefloor: snowfeels: i swear taylor swift dated more guys then i have followers on tumblr I feel... 
Photo: godotal: It’s not the fact it exists, but that two stakes are missing 
Photoset: sorcery-inthetardis: bblackbirdd: I brought my little brother Spencer as my date and when I told... 
Photoset:  
amovible: maewatson: dammitcumberbatch: benedict gave up smoking mY BABY why was he smoking your child When... 
Photo: slythffyndor: It’s cool; he wrote a letter 
territorialcreep: "i expected better from you" well that was your fault lmao i got nothing to do with that 
Photo:  
"When I played Elphaba, I never realized it at first, but I was tapping into a lot of stuff from my..." 
Video: sque2013: tonightshow: Good lord. FREE THEM 
Photoset: pandalovescosplay: Zelda Crown :) 
Photoset: lik0vacs: Hyrule Warriors Zelda: Had two weeks to complete. Full costume, props, ears and... 
Photoset: neonredwings: My friend KC’s “Pikminruler” awesome cosplay of Ravio from Legend of Zelda at the... 
Panda Loves Cosplay - I love cosplaying :) I made a blog for all of my cosplay costumes :) 
"it takes 10 times longer to put yourself back together then it does to fall apart." - the hunger games:... 
Photo: sheep-in-clouds: Cressida (Society6/RedBubble) I think this one turned out good ^^’ 
Overheard: Plutarch: the original line was "necklace of rope," I had it changed to "necklace of hope."... 
march1st: I get chills every time I listen to The Hanging Tree from the Mockingjay movie 
mellarkboxers: okay but srsly guys do you even remember gary ross? 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: choseyourwayoflife: on We Heart It. 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: kingahalmai: PEETA<BROKEN HEART> en We Heart It. 
Photo:  
Photo: money-of-success: 
Photo:  
princessxbilbo: Can we talk about how amazing the costume designers in MOCKINGJAY are? The first we see... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo:  
to anyone who dare call Katniss weak in Mockingjay: - posthungergamessyndrome: 
Photo: love-illuminates-the-blind: Everything just hurts, okay? 
Photo:  
Overheard: No but just imagine snow giving the orders to drop the roses - Soldier: sir we've just bombed 13... 
Photoset:  
fandomsforever0312: *sees mockingjay* *viscously throws Jennifer Lawrence another Oscar” 
Photo:  
Overheard: Dad: How was the movie? Me: It hurts so much. Dad: Did Peeta die or something? Me: NO BUT I DID! 
Photoset: In the books Katniss says that President Snow smells like blood and roses, and so my question is... 
jushutcherson: One of the best parts of Mockingjay? No. Fucking. Love triangle. 
Photo:  
secondstartotherae: There are countries that have banned Mockingjay for fear their people will finally rise... 
Video: odestaholyship: Odesta reunion! 
Photoset: jhutcherson-theojames: This hurts so much!!!! 
Photoset: fandomofthegames:  The games cost a lot more than your life. They cost everything you are. 
Overheard: People who have read the books VS People who have seen the movies - Movie watchers: Oh my god!... 
Overheard: haymitch: i like you without all that makeup effie: i like you sober me: HAYFFIE IS REAL 
Overheard: If you think that Jennifer Lawrence doesn't deserves her Oscar: Watch Mockingjay part 1 If you... 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: I’m gonna make you Pop. U. Ler… Lar. 
Photoset: muchneededmerch: 2 awesome Zelda gifts that any fan would love to receive this holiday! Heart... 
Photo:  
queenshulamit: maraudinq: If you ever feel sad just remember that when the British invaded india and wanted... 
OK to make a font out of your own writing - viria: tomoe-chi: nakadoo: ilikedaisiesinthespringtime:... 
novelistsdreamscape: theanimejunkie: bossubossupromode: Two students, James and John were given a grammar... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: directorlazard: rapeculturerealities: fuckyeahifightlikeagirl: sweetsugaryshock: beben-eleben:... 
Photo: stunningpicture: 70s Lego had the right idea 
Photo:  
Photoset: The Legend of Zelda iPhone Backgrounds (Compatible for the iPhone 4/4S/5/5S/6) 
Photoset: eatyoursoul: onefitmodel: crofethr: denali-winter: BAM. I have never hit reblog so fast in my... 
startrekspeare: "what’s a queen without her king?" well, historically, better 
Photo:  
Photo: thenintendard: dodongodislikessmoke: Terrible Fate by Gabrielleh 
Photo: rpgfanatics: That feeling when a Giant destroys the Dragon for you. 
Photo: iglovequotes: Daily dose of love quotes here 
Photo: dodongodislikessmoke: Majora’s Mask 3D by LinkFan29 
malo-mart: DO YOU EVER WANT TO PLAY A ZELDA GAME BUT ONLY A CERTAIN PART OF IT AND GET REALLY EMOTIONAL... 
harveyisdabomb: bromar: *goes to england* me: excuse me, what time is it? brit: time wots that m8? *big ben... 
eatingisfab: im tired of school i wanna quit but its for my future. tough life. 
Photo: ultrafacts: Source Follow Ultrafacts for more facts 
runningontheritz: badwolflaurel: pandafreakforlife: I hate when the media makes The Hunger Games look like... 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: When someone says that they don’t like Wicked 
Photoset: know-you-are-loved: i feel like this is important and everyone should see this 
everyoneinthetardis: onna4: David Tennant with his wife David Tennant without his wife She’s back! I’ve... 
kingunderthemountain: captainlitebrite: is there anything on earth more anxiety inducing than being given... 
Photo:  
Photoset: Guardians of the Galaxy | Gag Reel 
Photo: blueskytony: WHO DID THIS 
starlit-notes: I would like to thank my arms, for always being by side. My legs, for always supporting me,... 
Overheard: me: i do not have time to read 30 pages of this textbook that's ridiculous me: *reads 100k fic* 
dajo42: alternatives to “it was all just a dream” it was all just a story the narrator heard somebody else... 
Photo: dragondicks: psychara: worldofmarije: A while ago, I was playing around with Photo Booth. I put my... 
Photo: brianthuff: Minimalist Link design. 
radical-as-fuhk: my first boyfriend said bisexuality wasn’t real so i broke up with him and dated his twin... 
Photoset: laterovaries: This will always be my favorite gifset. Ever. 
Photoset: yes-i-am-lucifer: pmon3y69: drdawg: my friend Pete literally makes me cry with his snap stories... 
Photoset: #married 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
taylorsplif: 12:00 – *movie releases in theaters* 12:01 – *whole movie in gifs appear on Tumblr* 
aliens-ate-my-mum: Showing my favourite movie to my friends 
gingahhh: it is almost 2015 and sitcoms are still using laugh tracks. take a cue from parks and recreation... 
Photoset: An endless list of my favourite movies: The Hunger Games, 2012 Hope. It is the only thing... 
Photo: tralalayahoho: "why do you want to live in nordic europe?" hmmmm i wonder why 
Photoset: akimiya: I am a nightmare (2014) / 9pg / Akimiya Jun (tumblr) Thank you for reading!   
small-town-equestrian: so i’ve been taking photos for quite some time now but this is quite possibly my... 
Photo: cynicallys: ITS AN ADD FOR FUCKINF FUNERAL SERVICES 
Photo: brokenponycutiemark: WINS. THIS WINS. EVERYONE STOP COSPLAYING NOW. STOP. 
Photo:  
Photo: yungtxger: all girls need to know this 
My mam has just said I look like Jennifer Lawrence :D 
indicaxdreams: So last night I was pretty high and thought lol ima draw a happy lil face in this banana cus... 
Overheard: me: wow i have so much work to do me: *goes on tumblr* me: *watches a movie* me: *reads a novel*... 
Photo:  
Photoset: ampharos: New Hyrule Warriors Twilight Princess DLC Art including two new costumes for Link &amp;... 
forrome: "How’s school?" 
beckendorph: does anyone else feel like they can’t tell their parents about their feelings or their... 
moonkisse: parent: “Youre going to hell!” me: 
boys-and-suicide: raksolnikov: parenting tip: talk to your kids about mental illness. tell them they might... 
Overheard: person: OMG YOU DIDN'T STUDY FOR THE TEST???!?!?! me: nope person: BUT HOW ARE YOU GONNA PASS???... 
paging-doctorfaggot: i am 300% sure i will be blogging on christmas 
Photoset: girlbydaylightcosplay: Mickey’s Very Merry Christmas Party Merida: Girl By Daylight Cosplay... 
Photoset: You know full well it was your actions that brought you here. 
allteensrelate: when you’re trying to tell a story but your friends aren’t listening 
little-miss-boxie: me: *Finds new song that really likes* me: *PLAYS ON REPEAT UNTIL IT’S DEAD TO ME* 
Photoset:  
snapchatting: i can’t believe your hips would just lie to me like that 
"Should I kill myself, or have a cup of coffee?" - Albert Camus (via peklos-ragana) 
Photo: ben-c: villain-lover: anothermindpalace: Friendly reminder this picture exists, just in case you’d... 
Photo: impactprincess: fintonmusic: supahjewelz: I thought we were having a moment…you ruined it I’m crying... 
Photoset:  
Photo: glitchinthematrixx: Galdalf the Pink. Everything about this is perfect. 
asgardreid: thesinfonian: I just realized that it’ll be the 20’s again in less than six years. I propose we... 
Photo: constancecream: [x] [x] Thanks for the reminder BBC One. Now could we get a more specific date,... 
Photoset:  
Photo: ben-c: lifewithmytiara: ughmoriarty: selfie bc i haven’t posted one in two months and also i went to... 
"Listen kid, here are the rules: 1. Don’t shut down. You have to feel pain because once you turn it..." 
Omg I’ve just realised that katniss is the girl on fire and then there is president snow! Like fire and... 
Photoset: itsstuckyinmyhead: The Sims Tumblr Posts 
Photoset: 534-turtle: favabean05: This will never not be hilarious. Accurate 
mcriartsy: savepunknroll: -americanhorrorstory: onesecondathousandthoughts: fallintopassion: bullied: we... 
overlypolitebisexual: have you ever considered that female celebrities claim not to be feminists/push a... 
Photoset: Jeremy Renner did an AMA on Reddit for his new movie Kill The Messenger, which hits theaters... 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: Love love love 
Photoset: youarelookingatthis: johanirae: ninemoons42: tomhazeldine: I like how Natasha always cares about... 
Photo:  
-makemesmile: i was looking at ken’s “wall” on 
Photoset: impossible-girl-oswin: lendra-chan: And this is why Link and Zelda just never manage to have a... 
Photo:  
queenpiss: wildhogs2: queenpiss: when is it okay to start blogging baby grinch again Now 
Photo: imstillyourzelda: do you see this. do you see this sky child. he is driving a go-kart with only his... 
Photo: potasium: some winter outfits for my fav princesses !! 
Photo: sportsmuscles: this is possibly the saddest story I’ve read in the comments section 
Photo: phandelions: sakibatch: im gonna reblog this until it takes over the actual image what the actual... 
joanwatsn: *is cute and perfect but also unstable, violent and self-destructive* 
Overheard: me: im so tired, i could collapse into bed and sleep for a year.. me: gets in bed me: how was... 
Photo: rebel-against-reality: diversixns: finallyfam0uss: villarrr: THIS HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY FAVORITE THING... 
tomanycrowshere: bigalphonse: gregmendel: straight boys dress like randomised sims ah yes your average... 
novub: it appears that i am… (adjusts glasses) (flips through pages of memo pad) (presses fingers to... 
Photoset: I wish changing my outfit was this easy 
Photoset: mishasminions: THIS IS THE BEST SCENE 
allonsy-allonswin: bootycaller: who wants to give up on society and go live in a treehouse with me I hope... 
yesimstacysmom: giraffepoliceforce: If people are really going to assume that guys with long hair are gay... 
Photoset: procrastinationisavirtue: in which the movie spiderman accurately represents comic book spiderman... 
Photo: punk-rock-castiel: your-grandmah: day 23: they still think im one of them I stared at this picture... 
Photo:  
auto-phobic: I have this incredible talent of fucking up all my relationships and pushing everyone away.... 
expels: i always wonder what people’s reactions are when their phone lights up and says that i texted them 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: isquirtmilkfrommyeye: erinezmac: arcaneloquence: fireworkinprogress: isquirtmilkfrommyeye: My... 
Photoset: danismymuse: howellsbutt: i dont watch sherlock and whatever context this is is very confusing... 
Photo: benfoldsone: okaysizedbangtheory: you done it congration 
Photoset: poyzn: This plant did more in a week than most in a year. 
Photoset: No.Don’t touch me. Please. I don’t want to  h u r t  y o u . 
5cats5deutschmarks: Disney has announced that it will be producing its first animated feature film with two... 
Photo: fantasticsteve: BUT SHIT IT WAS 99 CENTS 
Photo: lepreas: mahramore: shots fired rockets launched 
leasline: xfaults: xfaults: there’s a website called 
Photoset: bookworm332: The three kids I babysit were so confused when I laughed so hard I almost fell off... 
Overheard: me: *sleepy all day* 
Photoset:  
Reblog if you still play Skyrim - levisbigasstrees: And by this I don’t just mean playing from an old... 
Photoset: princepeterwolf: She was emotionally abused for years and was able to break free and actually... 
Photoset: Nintendo Direct 11.5.2014 
paradacsa-an: jaceheromdale: it sucks being the ugly quiet rude sarcastic emotionally unstable friend with... 
Photoset:  
sociopathic-shezza: rriza: people whose parents pay them for good grades I hate when parents do this... 
Photo: definitionofdisney: If you love Disney you must follow this blog °o° 
Photo: meandmyfrozenheart: ithoughtitwassummer: In which people’s suspicions about Idina Menzel sleeping... 
Photoset: zeldacosplayworldwide: - character : Lana the White Sorceress - game : Hyrule Warriors -... 
Photo: ligernekoka: Refined the sketch some more. Might finish tomorrow. 
Photo: calivibe: w-for-wumbo: theindieshit: linzthenerd: ineedthesandandthewaves: This was the most... 
Video: addictedtoidina: A day in the life of Idina Menzel continues…. 
Photo: addictedtoidina: tbh seeing idina menzel brush her teeth is something I never thought I would... 
catzdropdead: vivalanorge: England: colour America: color England: humour America: humor England: flavour... 
Oh. My. God. - scorntrooper: deatheatersarebad: deatheatersarebad: Right so I bought this cute new umbrella... 
Photoset:  
"Christmas can bash you over the head with joy and hopefulness. I’ve tried to create an album that is..." 
buddyboyvilla: allthingstechtheatre: whitehairkun: uhhsage: petitiontobringbackthedodobird: "Mom, Dad…I’m a... 
Photo: frostsplashstudios: "Please Heal My Child." “Nurse. The Pill.” "Puff!!" 
djinnanddragons: geniusalias: When you’re watching a new episode of your favorite show and someone tries to... 
Photoset: [+] 
Photoset: risarodil: Here’s the complete set of my Pixar quote posters! It took me over a month to finish... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: klaineneverends: Frozen » Colors  
cknd: Adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty... 
cknd: It would be so cool to be able to see an album of all the pictures you’ve accidentally photobombed in... 
Photo: relateforteens: Want more relatable? 
Photo: idinamenzelsa: I love this picture! The kid who is so done doesn’t even know what he’s missing! 
Photoset: peppergrinds: Frostbitten elsa….. Or something. 
Photo: disneyphileland: Elsa from Frozen Cosplay by Q Mandolin Photo by Eddie Bonneau Fun fact: No... 
"[The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes is] not a detective story at all; it’s a movie about a detective...." 
Photo: mimiadraws: old old old art sorry 
Photo: pancakemolybdenum: i dont have any witty comments about this one 
Photo: zzzdoodleszzz: Royalty of my heart 
kirbyfucker64: "how old are you?" "It’s a secret :3" "aiight so either 12 or 40 got it" 
Photo: Source 
lahmps: why the fuck is Sherlock Holmes’ brother named Microsoft  
Photo: sociopathic-shezza: gaywilliamjohnson: soundgoodizer: howd they get north america out there please... 
Photoset: terryreviews: katthedemonslayer: Hey, everyone! Christmas is coming up soon and I wanted to do... 
jaxthevampire: geniekeckers: undrunkscotsman: i love how whoever is running obama’s blog actually blogs... 
Me: (gets an A on a test) Teacher: I don’t think you did enough revision 
mszombi: meladoodle: one time when i was like 12 my dad wanted me to put a dvd in the dvd player and i was... 
Photoset: I was sorting out my revision stuff and I found this history revision XD 
Photo: troyethespoopynugget: tayyllorrrr: troyethespoopynugget: hurpthederp: thenarator: joshunf: this guy... 
Photo: englland: GET THIS OUT OF MY FACE 
gtaire: r u ever scared to walk past a group of teenagers even though you are also a teenager 
Photo: mrsholmes224: pleasefeedmecake: purococo: psyces: sex-high: superhobbitwhomerlockpotter: say-ton:... 
holmelesswhovian: I had this teacher and he always used to make this joke; 'Where do pencils go on... 
Video: in-a-disney-world-of-my-own: no-escape-from-the-storm-inside: karis-the-fangirl: Let It Go and... 
alsohigh:   automatically: walking a drunk friend like 
Photo: andrewbelami: THIS POST IS MY CROWNING ACHIEVEMENT 
narcotic: I love when people apologize to me about their rooms being dirty I’m just like lmao u should see... 
stylesxhealy: stylesxhealy: THERE IS SUCH A FUCKING PROBLEM WITH THE EDUCATION SYSTEM WHEN STUDENTS ARE IN... 
dorkyhanji: dorkyhanji: if someone tells you your clothing style is gay, respond with: "yeah, it came out... 
Photoset: Lovely Filming Pictures of Rupert Graves, Plus Vinette Robinson, Mark Freeman &amp; Benedict... 
Overheard: Strange question! Does anyone have a cat? 
Photoset: x 
Photoset:  
Photoset: the-more-u-know: crazykattlady: britishstarr: bloodyjam: le-nickasaur: surrealscorpion: In India,... 
Photoset: thereal-noah: What 
bennyslegs: when your friends are talking about stuff you don’t understand but you still want to be part of... 
Photoset: disembodiedangelfeet: acciobong: By “people,” I guess Neville thought Ron meant the Dark Lord. Go... 
Mam: there’s lots of stuff you can do when you’re sixteen!!! Me: meh Mam: you can get a job Me: I have... 
WHEN MY ALARM GOES OFF IN THE MORNING - laurawelfordd: erikitachiquita: howdoiputthisgently: I cannot... 
terezidactyl: shubbabang: I don’t let myself play staring contests anymore I HAVE BEEN LAUGHING FOR A... 
Photoset: arienreign: i bought this skull for a cosplay and 
Photoset: Disney movies + working titles/original titles 
Photoset:  
martinfreeman: just watch his left foot only theres like, a whole narrative in just his left foot 
sherlockisthenight: 50-shades-of-thorin: deppsex: but why would you even give him the waterbed he had... 
Photo: ohhmylovequotes: OhhMyLoveQuotes 
Overheard: me: *owns 264 unread books* me: *buys 17 new books* me: *rereads harry potter* 
Photoset: professor-maple-mod: forceguardian: lpfan9976: croatoanhero: Harley is a gift from God. This is... 
Photoset: lokeanconcubine: kahizkisu: policecodeforzombieontheloose: buzzfeedgeeky: Gospels from the mouth... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: perryownsmyheart: rebbloging everytime I see it 
Photo: zulayawolf: So I was playing Skyward Sword 
oksigh: Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person. 
Photo: justanotherfangirlpage: breeannabodybag666: riahreah: he meows so hard he falls over :o omg i want... 
Video: dafatninja: hahaimusingtheinternetz: GOD WHO KEEPS MAKING THESE what? i don’t get it it’s just a... 
Photoset: "Knock,knock. Mr Criminal? Hey, my name is Spider-Man. You can call me Web-Head, you can call me... 
Photo:  
humoristics: A guy once told my lesbian friend that being a lesbian is a huge turn off for guys and that... 
Photoset: magicalmisterysubmarine: this kid is smarter than like 70% of adults. 
Photo: runningmandz: This is the perfect picture to show anyone that’s afraid of recovery because of weight... 
"Nothing feels real anymore." - I don’t feel sad, I don’t actually feel anything. (via rdjobsessions) 
Photoset: simplershadows: drawing flowers ‘n stuff to distract myself (◡ ‿ ◡ ✿) 
Photo: outonismo: Mateus William 
Photo:  
Photo:  
"Recovery is terrifying when you don’t know who you are without your sadness." - (286/365) by (DS) 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photo: falling-apart-sl0wly: The way you treat me… 
Photo:  
Photo: slowly-sinking-15: - 
"1. It’s going to get worse before it gets better 2. There are going to be days where your hands will..." 
"Honestly, I can’t remember the last time I said “I’m okay” and actually meant it. And that fucking..." 
Photo:  
Photoset: Zelda/Shiek’s harp 
I’ve posted alot of selfies lately…. 
Photoset: I WAS LINK FOR HALLOWEEN!!!! (very unfinished costume (and probably not so happy friends when... 
Happy birthday to me!!!
Guess who’s officially 16 :D 
Photoset: anthonyedwardstarks: breaking news: avengers 2 is really just thor and steve being bros and... 
preciousegg: reblogging your own selfie 
Photo: drinkmasturbatecry: razzledazzy: netforce0: descartes-and-thosecartes: sensorydeprivationprincess:... 
Photo:  
Photo: the-ladiesandgentlemen-network: i-wish-i-was-the-moon: Well, hello there. You look mighty fine.(x)... 
captainkirkmccoy: chaffeebicknell: thebutterflysgrave: am I sick from anxiety or am I actually physically... 
Photoset:  
lethal-kitten: buckybarrnes: of course sam let steve come in what else are you supposed to do when you have... 
Photoset:  
Photoset: neilnevins: nathanael-platier: We freed them…but at what cost? that ball wasn’t there to trap... 
Photoset: whitecrossgirl: belle-princess: #encouraging your students do to their worst#THE BEST... 
rnarker: i hate when people say “you’ve barely touched your food” like what do you want me to do stroke it  
Photoset: capricorn-onthe-cob: shadowlafox: stop-hammerkind: oh my god that’s so cute„ I can never not... 
Photo: theirhappyistooloud: fucking thank you 
Photoset: disney meets cards against humanity &gt; mulan 
Photoset: kcolrehssemloh: spooky-banana: bifrostedflake: He’s ready ready to ragnarok and roll Oh no they... 
Photo: keyblade-assassin: NO CAPES! 
Photoset: who-leaves-you-breathless: redeaddie: ladyintheattic: i cannot believe that we were robbed of... 
hartorotica: I’m just saying - Theoretically, since there seems to be no life form on Mars right now, and... 
Overheard: Me when I first joined Tumblr: Oh, I already reblogged this. That's too bad. Me now: I reblogged... 
theblackfeathergirl: Current mood: Ryan Evans when he wasn’t allowed to sing HumuHumu 
Photoset: romantichic: howaboutdisney: OH MY GOD YOU ARE VERY TALENTED WHOEVER MADE THIS  Omg 
trombono: chen000: chen000: how to draw a sheep: draw a cloud, legs, a circle for the head and there you... 
Photoset: itsstuckyinmyhead: Tumblr Bloggers at Night 
queen-elsa-of-pokemon: reluctantisthehero: Stop. Read this. That shirt looks great on you. I like it when... 
Photoset:  
empauror: tumblr during autumn, more like 
Photo:  
Photo: idinamenzelsa: From the Wicked page of a big Broadway book! 
zohbugg: ayopotato: newdisaster: You know, Guardians of the Galaxy was not the first film I’ve watched in... 
mcriartsy: savepunknroll: -americanhorrorstory: onesecondathousandthoughts: fallintopassion: bullied: we... 
Photoset: creepyjirachi: the only card i will ever send I got this for my birthday last year :P 
Photoset: waitinghopingliving: blueeyesandsadgoodbyes: tepitome: Cake i need need need the library one for... 
therothwoman: gunpowderandspark: According to the song Seasons of Love from RENT, there are 525,600 minutes... 
Photo: naldouze: themaverickk: "That’s not myyyyyyyyyyyy deeeeeekkkkkkkkkuuuuuuuuuuuuu... 
Photo: :D 
Photo: cosmakr: Yees the one at the bottom is me :3 #anime #cosplay #manga #zelda by lmaoharvar... 
Photoset: Been working on my shield again :) 
Photoset:  
A Deadpool movie in which.... - itsmemacleod: sigurdvolsung: ….he bumps into the Stan Lee cameo in the... 
Photo: I made a start on the hylian shield 
Photo: thegirlintherushshirt: the—spoopy—man: federyk-is-a-rising-demon: pumpkinappearifier: darrynek: is... 
Photoset: bjorg-man: constable-frozen: mini elsa what What have I just seen….. 
Photoset: cantcontrolthegay: THE STRAIGHT GIRL - Lesbians You’ll Date Before You Die 
"I’m used to it" - The saddest thing you can hear someone say. (via bl-ossomed) 
"One of the hardest battles we fight is between what we know and what we feel." - Unknown (via unmaiden) 
Photo:  
Photoset:  
orlandobloomers: aliceinthetempleofpearlgarden: davegrohlgetinmybed: theres nothing sexier than a guy... 
Photoset: So I attempted link hair and makeup and this is the result… I’m pretty happy with the makeup (and... 
Photo: Sometimes I wonder why people think I’m crazy, but then I see the selfies my friends post on... 
cocainedollarbillsandmyhlp: trophic: trophic: i just emailed my ict teacher with what i thought was my... 
Do you ever get really annoyed when you do everything for someone and then when you ask them for something... 
WHY CAN’T ANYTHING IN MY LIFE GO RIGHT FOR ONCE!!!! 
Photo: misandry-mermaid: therapsid: "Friendship is a fucking hassle." someone told this pony about bronies.... 
Photoset: thefires-ofpompeii: allthemiddlefingers: lucrezialoveshercesare: actual Harry Potter the awkward... 
Photoset: lik0vacs: Hyrule Warriors Zelda: Had two weeks to complete. Full costume, props, ears and... 
Reblog if one of your favorite characters has ever died. - trashclown420: Rest in peace, Mongo from Shrek... 
shrekjpeg: when u excited about something and ur friend isnt 
peircethebvbjackie: •BISEXUALITY IS NOT A PHASE •FEMINISM IS NOT ABOUT BEING BETTER THAN MEN •RAPE IS NOT... 
thecompanionsdoctor: thecompanionsdoctor: The thing that sucks about mental illness is that if you aren’t... 
Photoset:  
Photo: ninbooner: i don’t know what’s better in this picture, ike’s bunny ears or marth and zelda’s judging... 
Photo: picturesinboxescomic: Facebook: 
Overheard: Things Theatre Fans Say #5 - You: What movie do you have? Me: 25th Anniversary Performance of... 
Photo:  
The many faces of Idina Menzel - breeleebooks: First, she’s like… Then she goes… Then she’s all… And now... 
Photoset: lordalsion: Angel gave zero shits 
Photoset:  
Audio: chandraleeschwartz: Idina’s LAST Take Me or Leave Me: July 1st, 1997. I didn’t know if this was... 
Photoset: idina menzel + broadway 
Photoset: dustyairs: (3/20) RENT gifsets:  "This diva needs her stage!" 
Overheard: Things Theatre Fans Say #14 - *Show closes on Broadway* Me: Dearly beloved, we are gathered here... 
dude-dont-just-dont: When your parents complain about you singing show tunes all the time 
Photoset: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel talking about her Tony nomination for RENT 
muppetmolly: Act 1 in a musical: Humor and upbeat songs, colorful characters. Laughter all around.  Act 2... 
Photo: cosplay-gamers: The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time - Link Cosplay by Pikminlink @ DeviantArt 
Photo: xmaskedmooglex: WE FOUND A PANDA! Myself as Zelda with Jimmay as Link, of course. Adventures at... 
Photo: nintendofangirl: I am a fairy in the woods! A real fairy I SWEAR.  
Photo: layzemichelle: In this picture, I’m Zelda and my friend Vera as Hilda, we live distant from each... 
Photoset: xmaskedmooglex: Hi. I’m Link and I sleep on things. Link: Me borrowing the Link outfit from my BB... 
Photo: insanelygaming: I’m Not Zelda Created by Karla Becerra 
Photo:  
I go to school where clear nail varnish isn’t acceptable, but sexism, homophobia and racism is 
I go to school where clear nail varnish isn't acceptable, but sexism, homophobia and racism is
Photo:  
Photo: jamesdawsonbooks:   
Photo:  
Photo: skyrimconfessionss: "I hate leaving dead bodies in plain view so I always try to drag them into the... 
Photo: addictedtoidina: Idina Menzel aka The Grinch of Halloween (x) 
Photoset: axbitofboth: You have no idea how long I’ve waited for someone to STATE THE DAMN OBVIOUS 
Photoset: im-on-to-u-moftiss: becks28nz: Mark Gatiss - Sherlock Q&amp;A - Brazil Friendly reminder that this is... 
@_jamesdawson thank you for making my English lesson fun today! :D
Photoset: loudest-subtext-in-television: holmesianpose: ewelock: THE NOISES I AM MAKING FAVORITE this has... 
Photo: charliehadalittlewolf: tuhhveit: elsiesmarina: themightyquinn666: sorry everyone Excuse me. One of... 
Photo: hellyeahhomestuck: These are the kinds of kids that are going to change the world. 
Photoset: medliii: The Legend of Zelda + harps you forgot someone important 
"You have to be odd to be number one." - Dr. Seuss This changed me (via revesdeamour) 
Photo: shatter-the-darkness: stonersbeingsoldiers: Holy shit, okay so this is hard to say because I don’t... 
Photo:  
Photo: carriehopefletcher: lacigreen: i think we all need a little fall magic rn YES! 
Photoset: juliacaroled: The biggest overreaction recorded in history. 
Photo:  
phandelions: mspaintadventuring: guys-relax-im-the-doctor: GUYS CAN WE TAKE A MOMENT TO APPRECIATE THESE... 
Photo: xunacceptedbix: Fuck. My situation exactly. 
Photoset: thatseanguyblogs: yourladydisdain: hipstermoriarty: mockeryd: killbenedictcumberbatch:... 
Photoset: invisibiltycloak: book series and their last sentences 
arthurdentistry: I’ve come to realize family are essentially the co-workers of life. You can’t choose them,... 
Photoset:  
Photoset:  
Photo: nintendo-forever: (x) 
Photoset: almualimbeatbox: crumbled-paper-hearts: Tumblr + Skeletons in October I fucking hate this website 
Photoset: Link cosplay progress!!!! It’s quite far from being finished, but I’m really happy with how it... 
Photoset: sassysnitch: interrobangphan: hiimcastieltheweepingangel: mujertropical: donnaluna: shmoke-what:... 
Photo: be-cutfree-and-hope: Follow a depression blog with a little pinch of happiness. 
girahimu-sama: "hylian captain is in trouble!" 
Video: Day 4: favourite song Its definitely has to be this one. There was so many feels when my 7 year old... 
Photo: Day 3: favourite villain Ghirahim is too fabulous to not be my favourite villain! 
Photo:  
Photo:  
castiel-is-a-bluebird: staff: juicylouture: what if one day STAFF WE LOVE YOU 
Photoset: Why does wickedness happen? 
Photoset:  
Photoset: No one saw this coming XD 
Photo: super-stardust: well fuck you too darunia 
balcerak: Infinite multiverses and I’m stuck in the one where superheroes are fictional and people kill... 
forevercryingbecausemerlin: gayeskimos: notgoingtosaygoodbye: combeferret: combeferret: who was the... 
Photoset: elkaydee: skank-182: thiswhiteamericanlife: I’m pretty sure I would say yes to a lot of things if... 
ask-gallows-callibrator: tebianco: winchesterson: perplexingly: geosaurus: perplexingly: Imagine dragons... 
shingeki-no-mass-effect: dajo42: realistically the space under my bed is very small so if a monster did in... 
Photo: minishcap: spoopy-growl: Link is stealing all the attention as he should be 
Photoset: Link cosplay so far!!! 
Photo:  
Photo:  
Photoset: Link cosplay so far!!! 
Photo: I’m repainting my katniss quiver (used in my Foxface movie that was never furnished) to go with my... 
Photo: Day 2: favourite character My favourite character is sheik because without her, link wouldn’t have... 
Photo: Day 1: favourite Zelda game Twilight princess because it was the first Zelda game that I ever played... 
Photo:  
Photoset: priincess-zelda:... 
Photo: skyboyavenue: I am a strong independent princess who need no hero! 
Photo: xmaskedmooglex: WE FOUND A PANDA! Myself as Zelda with Jimmay as Link, of course. Adventures at... 
Photoset: lik0vacs: Princess Hilda - The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds Costume took a couple of... 
Photoset: xmaskedmooglex: Hi. I’m Link and I sleep on things. Link: Me borrowing the Link outfit from my BB... 
Photo: archerofanarchy: my mam bought me a tiny trolley for my DnD dice. this was inevitable. 
the-one-true-alpha-nerd: How you think you wake up: How you actually wake up: 
Photoset:  
thelionandthellama: PSA I’M STILL HEAD OVER HEELS FOR THAT FUCKING ASSHOLE THAT IS ONE OF MY BEST FRIENDS... 
sweptoutofmymind: today I burned my tongue on a piece of pizza and I think that it’s a very strong metaphor... 
Photo: unamusedsloth: Ducklings have great brakes. 
pandaspwnz: farfrompaid: You not finding me attractive is not going to stop me from being attractive. I... 
hunter-doctors-in-221b: copperbooms: go to google translate. type a sentence in english and translate it to... 
Photo: I really can’t wait to leave school! Im so suck of it!!! 
Photo: perlockholmes: caringwillsavethem: You know it’s a con when… Or maybe someone just took his ship... 
Photoset: brotoad: Simple 3 colour drawings of every Smash Bros character! Trying to capture their details... 
Photoset: cassjaytuck:   
Photo: helioscentrifuge: nox-artemis: k1ngdra: FUN FACT: Santa uses parkour to be able to visit every house... 
Photoset: puppetzeldas: See, Beth? I TOLD you Link would save us! 
Photoset: itriedthatonceitwasabadmove: basileus-omniworks: misha-bawlins: This drink I like it. Another! I... 
joydick: "you dont look gay though" SHIT did I forget my rainbow at home AGAIN 
Overheard: Child me: WOW WHEN IM A TEENAGER IM GONNA GO OUT WITH MY FRIENDS TO THE MALL AND PARTY AND DATE... 
princeowl: 'romeo and juliet but with gnomes instead of people with music by elton john' isnt a movie that... 
Photoset:  
zanetheaiden: u readin this? u a princess. i dont care if youre a goddamn bodybuilder, ur now princess... 
Photoset: writtenbymadeline: A tool to use for find Synonyms: Synonym Finder. This is a great, unique... 
Photoset: "Peter, what is the matter with you? You love this girl with all your heart and soul. Does she... 
Photoset: lulz-time: I actually can’t cope with this 
fruitcrocs: when a teacher asks you if you understand the work and you don’t  *gets 0 on the test* 
ihatedoorsbutnotmusic: so-uncivilised: tumblr mobile users be like I’m on mobile so I don’t know if this... 
nowtrytherest: Just remember: even if you can’t slay dragons and shoot fireballs from your hands, you can... 
Photo: awkwardstandinglewiskennedy: offworldcolonies: Man the 90’s were weird. Its like we got all this new... 
Photo: Skyrim time :) 
Photo: I’m like mulan where she has half of her make up on :D!!! (ermagerd selfie!!!!) 
Photo: Zelda makeup :) 
Photo: fuckyeahocarinaoftime: Song of the Royal Family by IchigoBLEACHcake photography by [mo-ria] 
Photoset: adreameratnight: This cosplay is awesome, period. 
Photoset: lumosaki: Malon, Ocarina of Time- Lumos Cosplay Princess Zelda, Rikkugrape Photography by... 
Photo: trinketgeek: My Hero, My Princess pendants, perfect for the Zelda fan couple. ;) These pendants... 
Photoset: The Zelda Project 
Photo: wemarchalone: “Oh hey man didn’t see you there how’s it go-“ “BLAWUHGLAUHGLAUH” “Excuse me Jimmy... 
When a video game lets you move during extended dialogue: - subwaywithinmymind: 
Photoset: zeldacosplayworldwide: - character : Ashei - game : Twilight Princess - cosplayer... 
magiclander: Halloween is the one time of year where big companies finally get creative with their work.... 
I need a hug :’( 
foreverinvisibleharriet: hentai1080p: when the back of my neck gets tickled natlovespandas 
If Elsa had fire powers would frozen be called burnt? 
Photoset: garuyabento: AM I LATE 
Photoset: … thank goodness! 
Photoset: benedictvsotters: Catch Otter If You Can^^) 
Teachers: the year 11s are so mature Year 11s: she said bum… LOL!!!! 
Photo: japhers: folwer: but its important IM SORRY BUT IM DYING THEY LOOK LIKE A BOY BAND 
I fell over a table, out of a car and almost fell down the stairs in three days…. I just hope I dint die... 
Video: false-to-my-nature: So this is our new Elphaba! Her name is Jennifer Denoia and she is staying for... 
Photoset: thegirlwhocriedfoxface: heyjohnimhomo: this scene really got me. I think it’s a perfect example... 
I think we’ve officially reached that annoying time in the year where it’s sweater weather in the morning,... 
free-booty: I don’t mean to interrupt people I just randomly remember things and get really excited I’m... 
Photo: discovergreatbritain: In Westminster you’ll find the Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, Horse Guards... 
Photoset: If men don’t have to be aggressive, women won’t be compelled to be submissive. If men don’t need... 
instahot: you know that quiet girl in class? yeah she goes home and makes fun of you all on tumblr 
Photoset: troyleroakley: utubefeels: Park Fun with Tyler, Louise &amp; Darcy (x) this is my favourite gifset... 
hotelmario: bobshit: what are snails even trying to do their best 
REBLOG IF U HELLA STRESSED 
eracist: I hate when people transfer to my school and become popular no that’s bullshit I’ve been here for... 
REBLOG IF U HELLA STRESSED 
eracist: I hate when people transfer to my school and become popular no that’s bullshit I’ve been here for... 
eracist: I hate when people transfer to my school and become popular no that’s bullshit I’ve been here for... 
actualcannibalfeferipeixes: mATH HOMEWORK??? THE BIBLE SAID ADAM AND EVE NOT ADAM BOUGHT 60 WATERMELONS 
divawithanunspoiledagenda: nerdnuggets: jelliclephantomfaces: chandraleeschwartz: six-months-from-never:... 
Photo: dudeletsgame: the legend of zelda Created by Alexisvivallo 
Photoset: colorfulhowell: Phil has given the approval 
Photoset:  
bace-jeleren: catsandcunts: YOUR BODY IS BEAUTIFUL IF: you have a body that’s it you’re beautiful you win... 
Overheard: me in 2010: i am straight but i support the community! i love gay people! me in 2014: gay 
Photo: tastefullyoffensive: [via] 
Photoset: District 12 only has three existing victors to choose from. Two male. One female… 
Photo: bearer-of-courage: 光と影 
Photo:  
Photoset: teganfeatsara: WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON 
Anonymous said: why are you a feminist??? 
Photoset: the cities of skyrim 
iwantabrickbybrick: my worst fear is looking bad in a photo with a celebrity 
Photo: chestpatthumbsup: omgicantevenasdfghjkl: karma-drama: my life goal is to reblog this every monday... 
Photoset: "I like the idea of up-and-coming actors nowadays being a little different and not necessarily... 
Photo: inverseme: Brb summoning ssb4… 
Photoset:  
Photo:  
Photo: ses-pures-couleurs: home-of-many-muses: betaluck: mirielstome: stridershead: this is comedy fucking... 
Photoset: fragile-fallen-angel: ya-boi-strider: Somebody needs to give that guy an award He just made that... 
Photo: lesbiangingerandproud: maintenant—m-amour: she is flawless 
Photo: 0bsess-2-1mpr3ss: Beats smee how you didn’t understand that 
catholicnun: English teachers can either be the coolest teacher you ever had or the worst thing ever 
The Best April Fools' Prank (That I Shall Ever Do) - jabberwockyx: justatiltedlamp: Once upon a time, I... 
Photoset: allthingstamriel: Windhelm night + snow 
Photoset: Pictures are nof the best quality, BUT ITS MY ZELDA COSPLAY!!! 
I’ve just realised how to access my mail…. Sorry if you thought I was ignoring you!!!!! 
Photoset: geek-studio: Geek Studio’s Geek Gift Guide: Legend of Zelda Edition by geek-studio Do you know a... 
