wondering what the contestants should have as tests during a family survival show,, , lmao.
when seulgi says she's going to sleep but ends up hiding. smh. go to sleep, you need it love.
but survivalshow,  ,  ,,  ,
what oh sehun tidy. should i take your pocket money away.
I JUST GOT HIGH BC OF THIS SURVIVAL SHOW IM.
SURVIVAL SHOW OMFG SOUNDS SO COOL.
seulgi seulgi ft. i love you mwa, good night cutiepie. &lt;3
@kjinlt gingiva?
do you want to apply as park family's future member lu?
wraps my arms around you and hugs you tight.
good or not, you're my sons and i like you just the same.
wait. im lost. did you want a hug jongin?
that's you oh sehun huehue.
gary, i'm proud of you.
what did sehun gry do.
hey hey luhan!
chill urself jongin giva.
help how.
have a nice day sujeong-ah!
BUT ARENT THEY GREAT OH SEHUN GARY. AHAHAHAHA IT MAKES GARY AND IMAGINE IF GARY WAS YOUR SECOND NAME AND YE I NEED TO STOP.
THIS ONE WAS AWESOME.
at the moment, i enjoy listening to taer in my heart but my favorite will always be car radio. what about you, oh sehun ch.
i agree that this pun was lame af.
oh sehun ey. i love you for this.
oh sehun ited. do you like twenty one pilots do you.
i love twenty one pilots so much gdi.
be back soon tae!
lame puns are a part of my life. 

you are another part.
morning morning sujeong-ah!
lame puns are my life.
oh sehun dred.
hey sujeong!
did u see my pun oh sehun.
is kyungri jieun - wait. waIT.
oh sehun ter. 

huehue.
taehyung hey hey !
ssup kids.
jongina is coming wowza im excited.
anyway,,,  bbl.
amen.
whispers. losing your dm virginity.
did it
hurt 
kook.
@aiyuunlt omo,what is this?
awk how -
welcome here anyway, hope you'll enjoy it here as much as i do!
don't forget to cheer up taehyung for us!
jieun jieun jieun love!
YE MAN.
WELCOME HERE EGGKOOK!
@seulginlt backs up her head a little as she frowns. you can always tell me, if it's really bothering you, alright?
@seulginlt surrounds your skinny body with her arms and hugs you even tighter, her hand stroking your hair. did something happen, love?
i missed my 555th -

i give up on dedications.
do you really not like jieun?
opens my arms wide and motions you to come in. mama's all ready!
poor sehun is going to drop his sandwhich if we stress him. smh.
2 hours, go!
it's better when it's well typed [ nods nods vigorously ]
what the - 
mark please - 
[stares at your bio and jieun's ]
go grab some food oh son!
it is omo.
is it right is it.
one two one two.

oh sehun ho ho good afternoon lovely and /lazy/ ass! ♡
IM DOING IT AGAIN. [ stomps feet ]
ugh.
i messed it up -
[ clears throat ]

oh sehun ho ho good atfernoon lazy butt! ♡
wait, let me redo it
but it's your morning -
when seul is impatient.
oh sehun ho ho good morning! ♡
i like poetry so much let me scream
smh at u
jongin u're ouT.
how have you been mm?
i missed you all omo.
aka son, daughter, son in law and leo!
hey hey lovely persons! ♡
that's good to hear heh. i'm alright yep, but i need to go so, see you! 

ps. sehun-ah, goodnight in advance, hope you'll sleep tight.
ye it's been suuuch a long time, indeed. squishes your cheeks.
how're both of you?
oi oi children.
@ssulnlt i'm up because you're here heh. ♡ what about you?
@yerimnlt let's eat many many things omo. ♡
@luhannlt oh, thank you, handsome man! takes it and gives you a wide smile. how're you?
@dksnlt we are small. you can't deny it. scractches her head as she looks at you. so, what do we do now, kyung?
@kjinlt it's exciting, indeed! and even more when you see everybody is thrilled about it. i'm happy wiht you all, omo. let's adopt it soon!
@kjinlt she keeps staring at your fridge as she slowly nods. mm, i'm okay but you surely eat a lot, so many food in such a small fridge..
@oshnlt aw. squishes your cheeks together as she gives you a bright smile. i will for sure! but i usually release my sadness with music so.
@TUNAnlt nah, my question already has been answered aha!
@pcnlt hugs you even tighter, squeezing you between her arms before backing her head to eye you. even your bladder?
hurry back, ladies man.
why would i be mad, i'm happy omona. ♡ 

[ makes big cute eyes at the park family ]
i know - did it hurt? omo, i'm sorry -
rolls her eyes and smacks your head. son, really?
do i have a grand grandchildren or what.
@ybmnlt it is, it is, it's fun! puts the corners of your mouth up with her fingers and smiles widely. better.
@snenlt aw, you're aw indeed, i like you already. smooches your right cheek.
jongin is always surrounded by girls. shakes her head.
how're you guys? i hope you're good aye.
h h hello loves of my life. ♡
I MISSED MY 500TH TOO. UGH.
bbl lmao.
@pcnlt we will meet the queen elizabeth as well! and all the most known persons in the world! 

you're such a cutie, park mama # 0.5!
my little love!
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt can we add some wolves and tigers and lions?
@ybmnlt you're the famous bomirilla! omo omo omomo don't make a sad face!
sneezes. whoopsies.
have a nice day friends!
i have to go, i'll be back later!
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt we can also start a business.
we'll miss you till sunday omo.
hello youngji!
and then we'll travel around the world and will be more known than  one direction and beyonce and yeah.

you're awesome park mama # 0.5!
stays silent for awhile and wraps her arms around you as well. will you give me your pancreas too? lets out a growl. alright, forgiven.
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt oh right, cats! and bunnies, and hamsters! we can make our own animals! but it's becoming weird i -
we'll be even more popular omo omo. 

(*-`ω´- )人(ц｀ω´ц*)

hello park mama # 0.5!
frowns and crosses her arms. i thought we would stay together forever! why do you want to die now, aye. mm, i don't know..
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt we might end with fifty dogs in five years, i'm telling you.
no mama should be first or second. just the same! ♡
but. it's unfair - 

let's be
park mama # 0.5

and then we'll make one

we are one.
you need to put some more heart in this 'sorry ma'am. whines as you smooch it.
am i park mama # 2?
but hey, you knocked my head. how dare u.
hides. huehue.
park mamas. chortles.
beep beep, i'm here.
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt i like the second and the third personally aha. the park family will work well children!
@pcnlt for sure! mi amor chorong-ah. looks away and mumbles. but it makes my heart go dugeun dugeun. you're up. in my heart huehue.
@kjinlt @pcnlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt . . . should we adopt two? one at hoe and one in your dorm?
calls 911.
what happened.
why is our son fainting.
oh.

make me your lady, make me your lady.
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt i agree, oh my, it took mine too. look at his paws.
watching [ blabla ]
waiting [ blabla ]
[ blabla ]
dreaming [ blabla ]
praying [ blabla ]
hey hey hyeri!
please, be my baby, please be my baby.
@snenlt oi oi, i'm luna from f(x)! am i really ew, am I.
@slhynlt hey hey, i'm f(x)'s luna, it's such a pleasure to have you here, hope you'll enjoy it as much as i do!
i'm awesome omona.
( how to eat when you just dissected a fish and took his eyes off. lmao. )
that's good, that's good. i hope you're doing fine anyway.
morning my lovely son! you slept well?
@pcnlt if only it was true. if only, darling. covers your eyes with her parlm. nah, please, nah. stay as fine as you are at the moment!
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt well, jongin and jieun love the four tbh.
the family dog is coming, be scared.
@pcnlt @kjinlt @sumiinnlt @aiyuunlt it has my vote already!
@ssulnlt jinri jinri jinri mi amor.
@taeknlt hey hey, i'm f(x)'s luna! i hope you'll enjoy it here as much as i do!
@soojungnlt I MISS YOU TOO OMO OMO OMO. I SAID THAT I MISSED YOU YESTERDAY AND IT'S BEEN AGES SINCE I'VE SEEN? YOU??
eonnie!
but you were awesome in the only performance i saw! well done well done.
don't you hear bom bom bom though.
listened to call me maybe twice tbh.
i failed at life.
is it pom or bom. frowns.
pom pom pom. 

i just did your part son.
mian mian, i'll stay as a singer.
krystal. i miss krystal. it's been ages since i talked to her.
but ballads and fx.
makes grabby hands.
I LIKE RAP SO MUCH CAN I CHANGE TO A RAPPER AND JOIN UNPRETTY RAPSTAR AND MAKE A FEATURING WITH TOP.
oh flower, you are so sweet sweet sweet.
doom da da dibi da 
da doom da da dibi da
da doom da da dibi da 
da doom. [ raps ]
i want to doom da da again. loving this weird song.
standing cowardly.
silence in trees.
why won't you speak, where i happen to be~*
changing dp everyday because even if it looks fine, i will never be satisfied. ugh ugh.
i love you the way you are because you're you and you're unique and that's your charm and you're precious to me.
i don't care if you're not the smartest, the most beautiful (though you're all) or the most capable.
right. i can't die in a car accident and let my family alone. no way.
aw, you guys. pinches one cheek of both of you. it's a song.
'cause somebody stole my car radio and now i just sit in silence.
on the aff.
wishlist. ugh.
whishlist.
we have a whislist!
cute since luhan is cute. shrugs. but goodnight! have a nice sleep and dream about lovely things.
this squint was cute.
we should just wait and see, you can't force relations.
family meetings on sundays where we all eat together and have fun. idek.
girls, you need to adopt guys -
thinking of it it's true. jongin is in a family full of ladies.
@kjinlt well, since you have the pictures, you should.
@kjinlt shrugs. it's fine, it's all behind me. but hey. this situation really sucks.
@kjinlt but. shouldn't we add him to the dog conversation ?
jieun is so sweet. oh my god.
well, he told me you were his brother and i called him son and he's lovely and. whispers. i think i'm his mom.
@kjinlt more than about you and say it's fine when it's not.
@kjinlt when he loves you but tells you your friend confessed. and that one word from you and he says no but you care about your friend
i have three kids. i'm a happy elf mother!
sehun is your brother -
when this someone else is your closest friend.
do it do it chu~*
hyeri hey!
son, daughter!
back aye.
brb.
i just missed my 400th.
omfg.
i am pointing to it, deeply.
seulgi's words, darling.
points aggressively.
this tbh.
goodnight chae queen, have sweet dreams!
because novelty's first couple y'all.
when bambam is at 160 tweets and needs to get 400 quickly.
but jieun, are you and bambam a couple or..
hehehehehehehehe.
jieun~*
maybe they aren't official yet. shrugs and holds a banner with 'CONFESSION OEDIYA' on it.
pmsl. poor seul. pats.
why would it be dangerous to come out?
flower boy han in his dp wowza.
@bambamnlt i'm alright heh. may i ask you something?
lmao, seul, your daughter doesn't tell you about her love life.
luhan!
they have matching bios as well-
or is it just me being late-
are they a thing omo.
i mean. like. look at our bios.
replies; done!
@pcnlt i'll stay with you as long as you want me. puts her hand on her heart theatrically.i'me doing very fine, and you, lovely girl?
@torinlt i am omona. i thought you were gone. i panickED.
@snaeunnlt pleasure to meet you, naeun!
@yerimnlt i want to eat cake, what about you?
@kjinlt mm, plus you guys are very caring. they might be happy to have a new friend in the dorm!
@kjinlt her head to the side as she nods. mm, alright. walks to your fridge and opens it, getting startled at all the food.
@kjinlt glances at you as you take a sip and purses her lips. aye, be careful, it might be hot, are you in a hurrry? aye aye. fridge? tilts
@bambamnlt how're you bambam?
@seunghnlt what's up? um, not much actually. i've been eating a lot and now i'm full full full!
@sumiinnlt yesyesyesyes! glad to hear that! but hey, your dp s making me thirsty idek.
@oshnlt i'll always be optimistic heh. i want people to be happy. i have to make them happy yep. such a big family we have!
@hyjnlt mhm! really really. i'll keep supporting you, youngji-ah! /gives you a wide smile and chuckles. well, i've been filming a web drama!
@torinlt WHY DID YOU TAKE SO LONG TO REPLY.
@dksnlt we're both small, aren't we? it's nice to see you here!
@rsjnlt alright? rest when you can and don't skip meals!
@rsjnlt maybe? i really don't know- or maybe at the end of the year? /slightly puckers her lips and eyes you carefully. don't get sick,
@rsjnlt sujeong-ah! ah, a comeback? /unconsciously scratches her head upohearing your words. well, i'm not sure, but we might! next year,
@rsjnlt /she emits a small chuckle too as her smile grows on her face; nah, it didn't, don't worry! i hope you'll do well in the future
done with myself.
adorable, cute, amazing, lovely, caring, kind, fabulous, gorgeous, big  and loving family. 

how does this sound? huehue;
we need a name.
park mothers parking their car in a parking space to go the park.
i'm full of nonsense. it's amazing.
the coolest family full of swag.
omona.
i can't handle all of this.
bye.
IT'S PERFECT I'M DYING. LIKE. I'M PARK SUNYOUNG AND CHORONG IS A PARK TOO SO WE CAN BE PARK FAMILY AND YEAH.
we should name our family. OMOMOMOMOMOMOMOMO.
♡ have some hearts, family. ♡
i'll make sure to treat you well, grandchild. ♡
oh my god.
jieun, jieun, jieun, you're my grandchild!
@kjinlt @seulginlt we all do this.
jieun notice me-
@kjinlt @seulginlt thinking i said. you?
@seulginlt @kjinlt i believe in you, but thinking of having two daughters.
jieun hey!
bandwidth. bandaid.
it is, it is, but they bring love into your life, and the feeling of making them happy is beautiful.
@seulginlt @kjinlt i'm going to have two daughters.
zucchini.
choosing a name is hard omo.
ahaha, no kidding.
can we call it

spinach.
well, they'll have to think twice!
@seulginlt @kjinlt big families are the best, nobody feeling left out.
facepalms. aigoo.
jongin did it first i.
omona, i'm not sure i.
DID I TAG EVERYDBODY?
@pcnlt @sumiinnlt @seulginlt @aiyuunlt as a family, we need to adopt a dog, which one do you guys prefer? ♡ 
@kjinlt @seulginlt indeed, indeed. um. we should tag the family.
you have the coolest mother, what do you want. pats you.  
@seulginlt @kjinlt i like them all, omona.
@kjinlt @seulginlt i might be a blower for the second then.
but anyway, good morning son, i forgot to say this.
@seulginlt wipes a tear.
yeri oediya? hello little girl!
@seulginlt @kjinlt second and third one i.
LET'S HAVE A BIG FAMILY. I WANT MANY MANY MANY GRANDCHILDREN JUSEYO.
ps. if you say no, i'll find you wherever you are. nah, kidding, it's fine.
seulgi, i adopt you as my first daughter anyway. do you agree on getting me as a mum?
what breed of dog do you guys like?
'some dog' it sounds like we're going to eat it. alright.
i don't know, it will be yours, so you can choose? or should we choose all together?
oh jieun, i forgot, mian.
there's only
me  chorong
jongin  seulgi
sumin

right?
the dog, jongin-ah, the dog.
what if it's the feeling of love that's making you feel warm and not something you can prove scientifically?
what if it's your heart that's warm and not your body temperature?
[ BUT I HOPE YOU ENJOYED IT VERY MUCH. ]
[ nah, it's fine, i'll go see it when i will have time! i have to! ]
seulgi can be your sister and my child.
biut well, you surely deserve to be loved.
i'm the coolest grandma of the neighbourhood. i don't care.
frowns. you should be warm inside all the time.
WE LOVE YOU TOO SEULGI, YOU4rE SUCH A LOVELY AND KIND AND AMAZING HUMAN BEING.
THE DOG. OMO.
I KNOW. I'M ALREADY A GRANDMA AND YOU HAVE TWO MOTHERS, THE MOST LOVED KID IN THE ENTIRE WORLD.
maybe i don't need to, but i want to. because you took time for this letter and for us, i want to take time for you in return.
ALRIGHT ALRIGHT STAY HAPPY JEBAL.
JOINS IN THE HUG AND SURROUNDS BOTH OF YOU WITH HER ARMS.
but dude, whEN ARE WE GOING TO ADOPT YOUR DOG? WHEN? WHEN? WHEN?
even though i'm not good with words, i will write you a letter, one day, promise.
PATS YOUR HEAD REPEATEDLY. I'M GLAD TO HEAR THAT. OMO. TELL ME IF YOU'RE DOWN, I'LL CHEER YOU UP.
it's a big deal because it was lovely and i loved it.
I HOPED THIS FOR YOU TOO SEULGI BEAR.
I HOPE YOU'VE BEEN FINE AND THAT YOU ATE A LOT AND THAT YOU SLEPT WELL AND YEAH. TRIES TO PAT YOUR HEAD.
mama missed you very much. and i loved your letter!
kIM JONGIN IT HAS BEEN SO LONG SINCE I TALKED TO YOU.
so, , , many, , , mentions, ,, to reply.
SEULGI MI AMOR.
@pcynlt park chanyeol! hello mate.
@ybmnlt hello, i'm f(x)'s luna! i hope you'll like it here as much as i do!
@luhannlt luhan luhan, hey hey.
@lsjnlt hello hello, i'm f(x)'s luna! such a pleasure to meet you, hope you'llenjoy it here!
see you later friends!
but i have to go, um.
hello hyeri!
well i made a sandwich and i ate cake!
oh, drink some tea or coffee! i'm fine, as always. i just ate.
what's up queen!
aye.
i thought i was alone.
chae chAE.
but hey, i hope you're all having a wonderful day (or will have one ) and remember that's you're amazing and loved and unique. ♡
i guess it's a no.
is there anybody?
@juhyeonnlt what if you're the one, bae? hey hey, chingu. ♡
@JDMNLT hey hey pretty yeoja! i'm sunyoung from f(x), but you can call me luna. hope you'll like it here! ♡ anyway, i love your bio.
@snaeunnlt hello hello cutipie, i'm f(x)'s luna! hope you'll enjoy it here as much as i do heh. ♡
@sumiinnlt you're one of the prettiest in my opinion! i'm alright, what about you?
wipes her forehead. phew! replied everybody.
@choanlt we did! it was fun, wasn't it?
@yerimnlt nods energetically. mhm! let's!
@chaenlt hello the goddess of yg and kpop, park sunyoung is the name!
@kjinlt mhm, i'm getting hungry anyway. waits for the last drops to fall into your coffee and removes your cup from the base. tada!
@kjinlt i hope she'd scold you! you're supposed to be a nice guy everyday, yep. are you sure they all agree to have a dog because..
@seunghnlt oh, alright. /shakes her head as a chuckle esccapes from her mouth. surely can! /extends both of my hands in front of you.
@rsjnlt what about you?
@rsjnlt but i like your songs, and your cuteness! all of you, omo. /pinches your nose gently as a smile grows on her face. i'm super fine! -
@rsjnlt cute. i like you already heh. ♡ thanks for supporting us, i'll support you as well! it hasn't been long since i heard about you, -
@rsjnlt oh. /stares at her nose for a second, quite surprise before laughing lightly. did you just poke me? but hey, you're really really
@pcnlt the reason why you're still living ye. mhm, i know you, i like apink, neomu neomu. ♡ i'm luna, or sunyoung. it's nice to meet you!
@sumiinnlt says the prettiest ulzzang! it's all my pleasure heh. ♡
@torinlt mom ; o ; eodiga.
@jeinlt hey hey jei, i'm not sure if i introduced myself so. . . hello! i'm luna from f(x). ♡
@bambamnlt hello cutie, i'm f(x)'s luna, or sunyoung, you choose! nice to meet you, hope you'll enjoy it here heh. ♡
@dksnlt kyung kyung kyungsoo! my 93line friend!
@lhallanlt hello! i'm f(x)'s luna! it's such a pleasure to meet you heh. ♡
( well, i'll just stay in dms for a while! see you guys, and have a nice day ahead! i'm off heh.
ps. saw you lurking jongin and sujeong! )
leaving in some minutes!
im going in no time anyway -
doom da da dibi da 
da doom da da dibi da 
da doom.
you know im here -
@kjinlt don't forget to help her when you have time, yee? tilts her head to the side. will it be fine at the dorm with all the testoterone?
IT'S A NEW DAY IT'S A NEW LIFE AND I'M FEELING GOOD~*
SEULGIIII.
miss seulgi already* ugh.
next time i'll say 'i miss already seulgi, my heart can't handle it.' and you will come out, i get it. nods vigorously.
why doesn't. should have put don't.
(usually doesn't like emoji but i find sujeong's deeply cute.)
cute as hell, yes.
interesting? like what omo.
i thought you left uS. clings to your back.
(when you make so many typos that you need to correct everything and when you send it, it's too late and it feels stupid. aish.)
seulgi bear, come out!
did seulgi go to sleep -
that's nice to hear, be sure to have a great day!
@kjinlt taps her fingertips on the counter as she shakes her head lightly. nah, i already had one earlier. i might go crazy if i take one.
@kjinlt aaaye, i know you already have three babies. so many already. do you have enough money to feed them well?
i hope you slept well sujeong-ah.
hey hey, morning sujeong!
mhm! but only if you take care of it like a baby.
your mom is one year older than you, that's why we're close.
i'll buy you a dog jongin.
it depends on what time it is for you whoops.
you cute kid. mama is proud of you. i raised you well.
signs the petition.
good boy hehe.
you better say no kid.
cooler than alive luna?
well, i think i haven't changed into a ghost yet?
@kjinlt alright mister! chooses a black capsule and puts it in the machine, checks if the machine is ready and turns it on. here we go.
@kjinlt like your coffee? eyes the coffee capsules.
@kjinlt thanks. places the cup on the base of the machine as she shakes her head. nah, really, it's fine, everybody gets lazy. how do you -
@kjinlt machine on before turning to you. a cup, ineed a cup mister.
@kjinlt follows you quietly as she rolls her eyes upon hearing you. welcome welcome, but you don't owe me anything! turns your coffee -
200.

dear @basenlt,
i hope we'll be a caring and united family
for a long time and that we'll get through
( difficult ) time(s); ily all! ♡
@kjinlt squints my eyes at you before letting out an inflated sigh. alright, alright lazy guy. but where's your machine?
@kjinlt i see. you should make some coffee to wake you up! unless you don't drink coffee.
i like thunderstorm -
@ltmnlt mhm! /tilts her head to the side as wry smile grows on her lips. why do i feel so powerful over such a small thing now, aye.
@bbhnlt no need to thank me aye. /gives you a warm grin.
personally, i enjoy the rain.
i'm fine! i'm always fine, most of the time, yep. my stomach is full omo. still in bed?
why do you like fog -
how is my lovely son? /rolls her eyes as she says 'son'.
@bbhnlt beep beep, byun baekhyun! welcome here, hope you'll like it here as much as i do!
back in time. hello jong, and re-hello seulgi!
( eating, be back after! )
so you agree on being my dongsaeng? /squints her eyes at you before tilting her head to the side. why do i have a bad feeling about it?
( never really understands photoshoots, some are so so weird. no kidding. )
/continues to massage them, adding some pressure. i had a nice day, what about you?
@chaenlt oh right ramen, yummy. pizza? well, it's not the food i enjoy the most?
so i'm noona now? /arches a brow suspiciously at you.
'incoming' indeed. stares at all those replies.
oi oi taemin chingu!
massages your shoulders. ; ;
GONGJU. HEART HEART HEART.
( chaerin always looks good no matter what. when she smiles i. heart attack. but the pic, why the candles are covered with. . plastic? )
i like marshmallows so much too. and burgers. and i don't like pizza that much.

[ what am i even doing ]
"@chaenlt: wow base kickout wow."
( heart eyes at your dp though. like. charismatic chaerin 24/7 )
it is! so many kind of chocolate though, omo. they might get depressed a lot.
( i know omf. so charismatic. )
chocolate will make you better no matter what. . but what about people who don't like chocolate omo omo.
( i like this picture/dp so much idek. )
oh, feel better soon! i'm all good oh my god. super fine.
how're you, goddess?
chae chae chaerin. yo.
oi oi hyeri-ah!
@yerimnlt shrugs. anything you want to do?
@yerimnlt oh, how silly am i. i should have known aha.
welcome* orz.
hello jieun! welcme here!
@pjynlt mm, we're friends omo.
@torinlt YOU. YOU'RE FINALLY HERE. EONNIE.
aigoo, so many people.
@yeinlt i'm sure you're not that awkward! /smiles warmly at you as she bows her head. hello, i'm f(x)'s luna!
@yeeunnlt omo omo, i see a pretty yeoja. /waves at you as she approaches you; hello! i'm luna from f(x), let's be friends!
@jimnlt hello cute dongsaeng! i'm f(x)'s luna, but you can call me sunyoung as well, mhm. hope we will get along as friends!
@scmnlt changmin oppa!
@rsjnlt escapes her mouth. the pleasure is all mine cutiepie!
@rsjnlt aaaye, that's not even true. but if i'm cuter, you're definitely the cutest, sujeong-ah! /lightly pinches your cheek as a chuckle -
@yerimnlt we should do something since you are bored.
@imjinlt but aren't girls supposed to stop growing when they're around 16-18 yo though?
@yerimnlt awesomely fine ahah.
@yerimnlt and who sings it?
but how're you doing?
what's this song?
@hyejeongnlt hello dear! i'm f(x)'s luna! but you can call me sunyoung if you want. let's get along well, alright?
@pjynlt alright, i didn't introduce myself properly. hello! sunyoung here.
waves at yeri.
@sumiinnlt hello, pretty woman. i'm f(x)'s luna!
@sullinlt yah, aren't you going to say hello to your unnie? shakes my head as a smile grows on my lips, waves at you. you big girl.
pats your back lightly. it's fine, you have still have lots of them ahead.
@yerimnlt you cutiepie.
park jiyeon my friend!
omo poor yeri. do you want a cookie?
YOUR 222 TH MINSEOK.
@yerimnlt /lets out a light chuckle as she makes a heart with her arms too. hello!
yeri yeri yeri yeri.
X I I I U U M I N.
@kmsnlt hello hello minseok-ah!
i'm double good because of your cheesy words wowza.
are you gone- ; n ;
i spot a little dino!
aw aw usually i would be good but i'm double good now.
how are you omo omo.
s s s  seulgi!
um, hello!
@ljhnlt nah it's impossible! by the way, how're you doing these days, mm?
@seunghnlt but- i'm sure your feet are alive now!
@rsjnlt this emote is cute omo. /bows slightly as she grins warmly at you. hello cute girl! i'm f(x)'s luna, or sunyoung, you choose heh.
@hyjnlt it's a pleasure shared. i'm quite sure we will get along, i watched you on your show and you seem absolutely nice and lovely !
@oshnlt should i say hello son? /tilts my head to the side. ye, i am here and i'll make sure that everybody's happy. i-i'll try at least.
@yuranlt the pleasure's all mine, i'm f(x)'s sunyoung or luna. she returns your smile as she nods vigorously. mhm!
@yerimnlt omo, is iT YERIN MY LOVELY DONGSAENG?
@choanlt heavenly voice for sure, oh my. /a slight smile gets on her face as she gestures you to get up. no need to bow, omo. i'm luna!
@ljhnlt i'm calling you jaehwan then, i like your name. but it's nice to meet you.
@ljhnlt morning, handsome man! the name is luna, or sunyoung. /grins as she waves at you.
@seunghnlt it is quite much! i don't want to touch your feet ma'am! /faked a disgusted face as i chortle.
water is probably the best. with food.
@seunghnlt /stares at you for awhile before chuckling. that's quite a weird request you have here.
@imjinlt /shakes my head at your words. i'm probably not going to grow anymore though. i'm almost 22 already!
@seunghnlt you want me to poke your feet?
good good jong.
did you shower again -
i was going to say bless you too. in need of a handkerchief?
@seunghnlt i - can't you poke your feet with it?
@seunghnlt your finger dear god!
waves my hand at you before squinting at you carefully. you're still fine, right?
@seunghnlt oh my goodness. um. um. poke them?
oi oi jongin, welcome back!
@seunghnlt ppali, get closer to it, it will work much better.
@seunghnlt revive it! can't you get closer to it?
@seunghnlt but why is it so slow, omo.
@hyjnlt oh, youngji-ah! /waves my hand at you as i grin. why thank you, i'm f(x)'s luna!
i need to go soon anyway.
( VICTORIA WAWAWAWA. )
stay lovely as always heh. &lt;3
oh alright, see you later, princess. have a nice day!
@soojungnlt anyway, i don't know, it depends on what you'd like to eat.
@soojungnlt wets my hands before washing them, turning my head to you as i fake a sad smile. plus, it feels like you don't want me to help.
@soojungnlt and i decide whether i'm busy or not. right now, i'm not busy and i'll gladly help you, soojung-ah. /rotates the ball valve and
SOOJUNG.
but don't be sorry, i was almost sure of it.
i'll always be here.

sweet unnie wowza.
come back soon!
to the sink before glancing at you. so, what should we eat?
nah, nah, i'm not busy, plus you're my maknae. how could i be busy with you, i have to help you, you little. /eyes the kitchen and walks -
well, yeah, note to self, but i'm not sure. scratches my head.
whispers. what does nts mean, princess?
kitchen and whines as you cling onto my back.
/shakes my head and smacks your head lightly. yah, can't you call me and tell me to bring food? ah really, this girl. /heads anyway to the -
invoke all you want, but this girl is quite strong, i'm warning you.
@ltmnlt plus, you're waaaay too tall, you should let me call you dongsaeng.
@ltmnlt aish. /raises the corner of my upper lip at you as you poke my nose. can't i call you dongsaeng? we're same age friends so cant i? -
scolds seunghee's wifi. yah.
/grumbles at your words. aaaye. how come you don't have food near you. tsk tsk. fine, i'll cook for you, since i'm your wangjanim.
why don't you go find some food, princess?
/frowns slightly upon hearing you. how saddening, go make some coffee, hurry hurry. oh, me? i'm all good!
the 'please' sounds so desperate omo.
TAEMIN WHERE.
sleep well, goddess!
WHO DARED BULLYING MY GONGJU WHO.
no kidding, sweet dreams.
goodnight in advance, chaerin! have sweat dreams.
slept well?
morning taemin!
i'm waiting for your comeback, you goddess.
@sooyeonlt unnie!
@ltmnlt hey hey dongsaeng!
you are a goddess chaerin, please.
I SWEAR ON AFFXCTION THAT I WILL PROTECT YOU WITH MY ENTIRE BODY GONGJU.
welcome back seunghee!
@seulginlt /tilts her head to the side as she taps her lips. s-should we do something about it?
THEN I'M THE WANGJANIM TO YOUR GONGJU.
you're such a queen, chaerin. nods nods.
YO YO YOU IM LUNA. IM FROM FX. WAZUP.
I'M NOT REALLY TRUSTING GOOGLE.
IS GONGJU PRINCESS IN KOREAN BECAUSE.
r a p * 
whoops.
CHAERIN I LOVE YOUR RPAP I LOVE YOUR FACE YOU'RE PERFECTION.
YOU BETTER CALL ME PRINCE FROM NOW ON, MY PRINCESS.
I'VE BEEN YOUR PRINCE SINCE YOU WERE BORN.
hello chaerin!
I'M CALLING YOU PRINCESS. ALRIGHT.
raises my hand because i'm small. i'm here, i'm here!
I WANT TO CALL YOU JUNG. AND STAL. AND KRYS. AND PRINCESS. AND MAKNAE.
@seulginlt oh that's right. /scratches her head as a thought passes through her mind. people might fall heels over heads for us.
YOUR NAME IS TEN TIMES LONGER THAN MINE IT'S HARD TO TYPE IT.
SOOJUNG. SOOJUNG SOOJUNG SOOJUNG.
@soojungnlt thank you! i'm sorry for taking aaaall this time, aye.
@soojungnlt /flickers as you throw yourself in my arm and bursts into a soft laughter, hugging you even tighter. soojung, my maknae! why -
@seulginlt aren't we already? /arches a brow as she chortles.
@seulginlt i could say beautiful dongsaeng!
@seulginlt hello dongsaeng!
@imjinlt /gestures you to get up. no need to bow, really! but it's such a pleasure for me too, you tall lady.
aw, you're such a cutie. 
but the truth is that i'm never satisfied so..
when you struggle with your dp.
@hyerinlt mhm!
/nods as she sighs with you. if only..
@hyerinlt that would be fun! i should ask my manager about it.
if i could take ten showers in a day, i would, it's really refreshing and distressing.
@hyerinlt that's quite cool omo.
@hyerinlt indeed, but i think mine is shorter?
you had a nice shower at least?
oi nana!
@hyerinlt the pleasure is all mine, hair twin aha.
@hyerinlt hey hey, i'm luna!
to introduce or not. scratches her head.
no need to thank me, aye;
see you later jongin! don't forget to be happy, juseyo.
good. you pabo, you already asked me. /shakes her head as she knocks your head very gently.
i truly meant it! i really enjoy listening to your voice.
@imjinlt i see such a gorgeous girl, omo. she waves her hand at you as she approaches you. hello! i'm luna.
@hallanlt hello! f(x)'s luna here, nice to meet you little girl. /smiles warmly as she pats your head.
oh, you really do? i'm honoured then. you're fine as well, right?
but hey, i have to say you have such a wonderful voice.
it's nice to meet you! i'm luna and i'm fine, what about you?
but hello!
oh, are you talking to me, seunghee? i'm not sure-
@sklnlt hey hey, i'm f(x)'s luna, it's a pleasure to meet you! may i say you're absolutely pretty?
but also as a human being, who wants people to be sad? nobody.
if i'm a mum, i have to be the best one. nods vigorously.
puffs my cheeks. then i'll have to make sure you're fine, both of you.
why can't you promise me? it's no good to be sad and in a bad health.
i'm very very fine by the way.
that's nice to hear from both of you. make sure to stay good, alright?
how are the two maknaes, mm?
hello hello jongin!
@oshnlt oh, dongsaeng! /grins at your words. why thank you, that's nice of you. but yeah, sorry for taking time!
@basenlt mom, i'm home!
