Once again: I understand that taking care of you is a great responsibility, Shy Orphan Alfredo. I'm always ready. 
My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, I want to wrap you in blanket and give you all my care (tender massage, footbath, etc). LOVE YOU much.
Meow-meow, my shy Kitten Alfredo! You look cute and charming. 
Never worry and remember I love you in ALL situations, Shy Kitten Alfredo. Eat more vegetables and less meat. Miss you much.
Before thinking I’m mad, imagine you’re already in my nest: some secure place where I can finally take care of you. 
As a tweeting ;-) bird I need to fly many-many miles in order to find my Alfredo who by the way may resist. 
My love for Kitten Alfredo reminds of the bird-mother behavior - I want to put him in my secure nest without allowing others to touch him.
If we had a secret correspondence, Al, I wouldn’t ask you for selfies (security about your social status) but I need your food photos.
I’m even ready to eat all the meat in your fridge (I’m anyway a pale kid). Seriously. TAKE CARE of your health. 
I want to make you eat healthier food, Al (more vegetables and fruits, etc). It’s important for you to be healthier. By NATURAL WAYS ONLY.
When I found out it was Cinefamily/Looking for Richard time I was going to suggest a plan to make you healthier Al. 
You’ll NEVER lose my love My Kitten Alfredo (this love was written in the stars). Don’t be too shy and relax if the audience makes photos.
I’ve been following your life for 12 years and I’ve seen you in MANY DIFFERENT situations, Shy Orphan Alfredo. Don’t get too much shy.
In a couple of Instagram photos (from Glengarry Glen Ross event) you seem to feel MORE tension than at Chinese Coffee event, my kitten Al.
Sorry, I worry much about you Al during the first minutes of your shows - it’s good that I wasn’t with you throughout your theater career.
Looking for Richard event will start in about 12 min? Wish you good luck Shy Kitten Alfredo. I'll post later not to disturb you. Love you.
Only God knows how many deeply personal ideas and intimate things I want to share with you, My Dear Kitten Alfredo. 
Miss you and love you REALLY much, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I wish I could be with you these days. To annoy you with my care.
;-)
It's currently the unique Cinefamily-related photo (can’t find any others) of you, My Shy Charming Alfredo. 
I've made my first steps and surprisingly… I do feel supported and protected. 
Maybe that’s why in 2011 I made my first more or less serious step towards you, my Kitten Alfredo, by starting to write about my love.
Seeing Looking for Richard for the first time I got this feeling: if a girl makes the first step towards Al, he’d support and protect her.
All the fears were removed when I saw how tenderly Al treats a girl. In the most intimate moment. 
God, Richard III and Shakespeare... about 500 years to remove my fear of seeing in Al Pacino a MAN. 
I heard Looking for Richard will be at Cinefamily. No words would be enough to describe this film role in my attitude for Al Pacino.
I’m afraid ;-) of sort of disturbing you by posting in the middle of your important screenings, My Kitten Al: I skipped the morning today.
You know, shy Kitten Alfredo, on my days off (May 9, 10, 11) my mornings here will be exactly the evenings at the Cinefamily events.
Frankly speaking I wish I could be beautiful specially for you, Kitten Alfredo. Now I should go (I'm feeling tired after work). Sorry.
Among my clothes there is a nice dress I bought last summer and dared to wear only once - I should try it again in June.
I wear jeans (not dresses) because I'm afraid of showing that I want to be beautiful. Cheer me up Al. 
I wonder why at my 26 years old I don't really care about what I wear: actually as a kid I thought I'd become an elegant woman.
Even if you don't get in touch with me on my June days off, my Alfredo, I'll spend them well: I'll try to learn doing make-up.
Today I solved a lot of tasks at work: I felt so much inspiration that it forced me to go home a bit later than usually.
My Dearest Creature Kitten Al, I wish you good luck at the Cinefamily events. Don't worry. Remember I love you. 
I want to sleep forever when I see Kitten Al in my dreams. Especially if he wears a home robe and looks cute and cozy.
I'm back. I've slept well. In my sleep I saw you Kitten Alfredo opening your door for me and greeting me. Why did I wake up? Hell.
You know, my Kitten Al, today I successfully solved a big task at work. But my eyes got tired of computer. I need some rest. Love you.
Your beautiful eyes bring peace to my soul, Shy Kitten Alfredo. But in order to stop worrying about you I need to keep you in my arms.
Love you enormously Shy Alfredo. In my mind I give you tender massage, footbath, much caress and all my care. 
Actually... forget this ridiculous plan. I’m just getting crazy in my dream of getting in touch with Al Pacino. 
If we got in touch privately, I’d finally learn your opinion about my feelings for you Shy Orphan Alfredo, and we’d share a lot of things.
Don’t worry, I’ll never try to contact your famous friends (though I saw their pages on networks). I wait for God’s will and your will Al.
I know a couple of movie directors who would confirm to me your identity if one day we got in touch, my Orphan Alfredo. Hope they’d agree.
If we had a correspondence, my Al, you would be absolutely anonymous: with a nickname and maybe kitten photo avatar (it fits your nature).
You know, my Shy Alfredo, in summer (June, I think) I’ll have many days off. Wish we could get in touch. Privately. 
I recently watched Green Card (1990). There is a beautiful scene where they write to each other love letters. 
Some lucky lady (as usually it’s not me) met Kitten Alfredo in person ;-) around April 23. 
It's evening here, and I feel tired after work. Let me have some rest, my Kitten Alfredo. Maybe I'll watch some of your films.
Love you much, my Shy Orphan Alfredo. Want to give you all my care. 
These months I somehow feel protected. Just like I once dreamed:

I also miss your eyes, Kitten Alfredo, my heart melts of tenderness when your eyes are fragile and asking for help:

I love your voice, shy Al, it gives me a tender illusion of some communication between us, although you don't see and don't hear me.
Every time I enter our office cafeteria, I recall the moment 0:23 of Manglehorn trailer and Kitten Alfredo's voice:

Honestly, I don't really expect ;-) a letter from you, Al. Especially on my next days off May 9, 10, 11. You'll be busy at Actor's Vision.
I mean I would certainly understand my responsibility, if I was allowed to take care of Shy Orphan Alfredo in real life.
Life reminds me of the chess, Alfredo - the fight where the king is protected by the queen. 
I love Al's eyes expression near the window in Manglehorn but is it hope or the promise of caring, tender attitude for her if she returns?
I’d advise Manglehorn to look for the woman of his life and fight for the chance to be loved. By using letters, Al. 
Only few people realize that life can become a waste of time if you don’t fight for your chance to love, if you don’t listen to the heart.
If I finally met Al Pacino, like Claire Smith and Lorenzo Bartolini finally met each other, I would be aware of all my RESPONSIBILITY.
I love Letters to Juliet (2010) because Claire Smith and Lorenzo Bartolini love each other through decades. Just like I love Al.
If Al Pacino played Linus Larrabee, I’d grab Sabrina’s role :-) but at that time I was only 6 years old. Maybe we should try it NOW, Al.
I wear eyeglasses, I speak French, I live with a man’s portrait... and I understand the point of Julia Ormond’s Sabrina perfectly.
When I mentioned Sabrina around Al Pacino’s birthday, I used my memories about the film. Without really watching, but it’s really amazing.
I felt lonely yesterday in the evening and couldn’t figure out which film I could watch. Then I chose Sabrina (1995). The film is great.
Today I’ve watched Letters to Juliet again. With absolutely NEW vision now. Verona is closer than I thought. And it feels very romantic.
My romantic page has been noticed in Verona - Romeo&amp;Juliet place. William Shakespeare would be happy for me. I hope so.
Juliet Club in Verona informs me (@TatyanaB5) that they really exist. It's great. I wish them good luck in their work from all my heart.
Have you ever tried to compose a draft for a REAL romantic letter? Maybe you should try, my SHY Kitten Alfredo. 
No doubt, you can find YOUR own beautiful and deep words about love, Kitten Al. Not based on Shakespeare or Wilde.
“When you really want love you will find it waiting for you” – I thought YOU are the author of these words, Alfredo. But it's Oscar Wilde.
I deeply enjoy every moment and every day since August 4-5, 2003. And I think I'll love Al Pacino for the rest of my life. It's happiness.
Why do I keep loving Shy Orphan Alfredo for 12 years? I believe love should be eternal. From Letters to Juliet:

If only I could I would already have turned into a tweeting :-) bird and I’d fly to you to overcome the distance between us.
By the way, about taking care of you in bed: it looks like in your location it’s late evening. Goodnight, My Kitten Alfredo. Sleep well.
I wish all of these fantasies could be real, shy Al. Your orphaned soul (and body) needs tenderly stroking massage, warm footbaths, etc.
I have a plenty of free time. Guess to whom I want to devote it, my Kitten Al? I'm already doing. For 12 years. 
But the main problem is that Shy Orphan Alfredo needs MATERNALLY WARM care (and much of a woman’s time). That’s why women leave him.
Ladies in LA measure life by false values: expensive clothes and other glamourous garbage are often dearer to them than Kitten Al himself.
In Chinese Coffee Al is left by women again. Is it his life reflection or he just has low level of self-esteem?

On the other hand, Pegeen is quite convincing as one more woman who doesn’t really love Al, doesn’t care about him and finally leaves him.
I think as Simon’s fan Pegeen is not realistic. I know WHAT you feel if you’ve really loved Al for years. 
We’re lucky Al. We both were born and grew up in not really wealthy background. That’s why we know that life is about feelings and will.
While standing by the mirror Pegeen looks more absorbed with clothes than with Simon. Frankly speaking, she’s NEVER cared about him.
Kitten Al, I think in The Humbling you check (as Simon Axler) Pegeen’s feelings by buying her new clothes. To see what is dearer to her.
I want to rest my head on Al’s chest to feel protected since I was 15 years old (2004) and loved Will Dormer. 
If you don’t mind, my Kitten Al, I’d also rest my head on your chest. Just for several moments. It’d make me feel protected. Miss you.
I wish I could really spend an evening with you: I’d give you massage and a footbath, my Al. Love you Shy Kitten. 
I know at your place it’s morning (not evening like here). Next time you buy a pyjama, keep in mind that men’s robes fit you better, Al.
Sometimes I just want to grab you and keep you in my arms. Please don’t get too much shy, my dear Kitten Alfredo. 
Knowing your shyness I don’t dare to insist. If you like, we could be just friends. I’ll love you in my own way Al. 
I guess we could give a lot to each other: I’d try to give you love and relaxation (tender warm care), and you’d teach me a LOT of things.
As for your natural shyness, in real life I’m even MORE shy than you, Kitten Alfredo. And yet I understand the need to overcome obstacles.
If you wouldn’t get in touch with me because of age difference and my immaturity: I UNDERSTAND the responsibility. I’d take care of you.
Help me decipher the inner issues causing you profound pain and making you even more shy, my dear Kitten Alfredo. 
And I know how it feels to come home tired after work and to dream of having a loving reliable man in your life.
Maybe I’ll watch Frankie and Johnny. Unlike Charlie in Scent of a Woman, I’m no longer a student. I’m an old maid:

I adore Scent of a Woman. And I love identifying with Charlie: in this case I’m “from Oregon”. Not from the other side of the Earth.
I sort of feel melancholic today. Maybe I should just watch the movie I usually watch to improve my mood:

Manglehorn is relatively lucky - he lives in the same country as Clara... at least, we live on the same planet, Al:

I think my accent in English would be okay to you, Shy Kitten Alfredo. You knew women with many different accents: Swiss, Australian, etc.
Knowing your shyness: you’d probably resist for 2-3 hours (I’ll wait, I’ve already waited for 12 years) if I offered you massage and care.
If we met in person, Al, I’d take you for some shopping: we need to buy blankets (to wrap you in), footbaths, creams and oils for massage.
Love always finds a way to overcome distance. Despite all the obstacles I love you really much, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
I won’t give up, I’ll keep working. If I save some money annually, I’ll probably visit your country Al. By my 50-60 years old.
:-(
It’s a pity I can’t swim ;-) otherwise I’d already have crossed the ocean just to see you in person and finally touch you, Kitten Alfredo.
Ultimate life irony: the cheapest thing of LA/NY (like a floor lamp, bag, shoes or tie pin) would make here the price of flight tickets.
When I check Al’s places in Google Maps, the program thoughtfully offers me a BUS to reach the destination. Smile through tears, indeed.
Please, let me take care of you and teach me how to love you better, SHY Alfredo. 
My Shy Kitten Al, I understand that taking care of you is a GREAT responsibility. You need special maternally tender warmth. Miss you.
Feel free ;-) to write to me on my Facebook, Kitten Alfredo (if you're not afraid of my immature notes there):

In order for you to feel envy, Kitten Al ;-) I and my best friend (your portrait) are watching here romantic films on my days off.
When I recall your cute white smartphone (with colorful moustaches, right?), I think it could change our lives, my Al.
If my beloved followed my life but didn't want (or didn't dare) to appear in it, it'd hurt me, SHY Kitten Alfredo. It's torturing.
The TV is showing the famous mini-series of the 1960s where Jeoffrey de Peyrac follows Angelique's life but doesn't dare to appear in it.
Heat (1995) is a comfortable film – if you watch Al’s love-making scene, and someone enters, just switch to some gun-shooting scene.
When I see Richard III kissing Lady Anne, I keep the cursor on the film track. If someone enters the room, I scroll fast to another scene.
When I see Johnny kissing Frankie at the flower market, and someone here enters the room, I switch to the film beginning or bowling scene.
I still hold dear the memories and the posts about your birthday, Shy Kitten Al (when I watched Scent of a Woman, Bobby Deerfield, etc).
I also recall this photo (April 15?) where you look satisfied with life. I love when you’re in SUCH mood, Al. 
Tell me, my cutie Alfredo, why are you hiding these days? I miss you :-) and want to see you. 
Happy to see you optimistic, my shy Kitten Alfredo ;-) Love you. They say it’s April 28 (New York). 
Don't worry, Kitten Alfredo, I still keep in my mind that you need maternally warm care: wrapping in blanket, massage, footbath. Love you.
My curiosity is partly based on the absence of experience and skills, I know. Thank you anyway for my dreams, Al. 
I wish you knew what I feel, Al. Because I wouldn't find the right words to describe. Besides, I feel some shame. 
I've just watched a couple of romantic scenes - it feels pleasant when you speak with soft caressing intonation, Al.
If I post very few tweets, it may mean that I watch your love-making scenes and don't know how to tell you this, shy Kitten Alfredo.
Even if you never decide to try to meet me real life, I love imagining that we meet and you hold my hand in yours.
Don't worry, my Alfredo: here May 1, 2, 3, 4 and May 9, 10, 11 will be days off! And I'll try to give you more tenderness.
The day I give you maternally warm massage, footbath, etc. would be the happiest day in my life, SHY Orphan Alfredo. Please, don't resist.
When I see Simon Axler having pain in the back, I want to grab Kitty Al, put him in bed and force him to accept my care.
I really love when you look into a woman's eyes with this double desire (for love and for maternal warmth). I'd take care of you, my Al.
Your birthday weekend has taught me that I have the right to enjoy you (your voice, etc.) as much as I need. Sorry for posting a bit less.
Every nerve and every muscle in your body yearn to get from a woman DOUBLE physical caress, Al: romantic tenderness and maternal warmth.
At the most intimate moments of love you look at a woman as a man, Al. But also as a child who wordlessly asks for care.
Now let me watch some of your films, my Kitten Alfredo, because I need to hear your voice. Miss you.
I'll always be ready to wrap you in blanket and give you maternally warm massage, My SHY Orphan Alfredo. Love you really much.
I hope you won't have a wrong opinion about me: yes, I watch your love-making scenes, but I'll always be loyal to the maternal policy, Al.
Taking care of you is a GREAT responsibility, Al, and I UNDERSTAND it, although people who disapprove my love for you think I don't.
When Al Pacino in Looking for Richard is going to kiss Lady Anne, I click Pause, gather all my courage and click Play.
I wish I lived with you, Al. Here, there's always someone in the room. And I sort of need more privacy to watch your love-making scenes.
Sorry, I feel tired after my first work day of this week. I missed your voice for 8 hours, Kitten Alfredo. I want to watch your films.
Colonel Slade can't see. He can't see me, but knows everything I feel. I only wonder why Al (sorry - Colonel Slade) protects me.
The film Scent of a Woman brings me great pleasure. I would give my whole life to become Al's protective guide (like Charlie).
I wish I lived with shy Al in some isolated secure place where no one would disturb me and I would be able to devote all my life to him.
You're gentle, sensitive, delicate, reliable, and protective. I need these qualities, Al: don't put them into work, give them to ME.
And yet I didn’t really understand why Shy Orphan Alfredo had such a vulnerable sight full of hope in Manglehorn: 
Sydney Pollack’s films suggest that a workaholic man should take more care of his love life, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. Not of work.
Here’s Al Pacino as Bobby Deerfield, obviously trying to decipher Sydney Pollack’s real-life magic. 
In other words, Sydney Pollack’s magic really amazes me and I wish Al watched Sabrina (1995). Especially the lighthouse scene.
Initially I couldn’t catch why I notice Sydney Pollack’s magic: he came from a family of RUSSIAN-Jewish immigrants:

Bobby Deerfield, Sabrina... it doesn’t matter how many messages Sydney Pollack left about love in a workaholic's life. Al didn’t get it.
When you skip the chance to play together in Sabrina (1995) because you’re doing Looking for Richard. 
According to IMDB Sabrina's role was offered to Winona Ryder, but she refused. I wonder WHO was planned as Linus.

The role seems to be counted on you, Al. Mr. Tyson says "May your first child be a masculine child" and his wife adds “It’s from Serpico”.
I also admire really much another film by Sydney Pollack – Sabrina (1995) about a WORKAHOLIC who finds TRUE LOVE:

I think Sydney Pollack knew what he was doing (even if Al didn’t). He was leaving a message for the future. 
If Al Pacino appreciated time and the unique life opportunities, he would think a bit less about work and a bit more about personal life.
SEIKO watch: even if Al Pacino convinces you to appreciate your time, it doesn’t mean he appreciates his own. 
As for me, I do believe in God, destiny and magic. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be here, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
I said I wanted to know Al’s point THEN: in Bobby Deerfield he denies believing in God, destiny and magic. And NOW? 
Here’s what I mean by affective memory:

The moment 1:18 (make Full Screen). See how Al Pacino uses his affective memory next to the window in Manglehorn:

Maybe that’s why I want to watch Bobby Deerfield very attentively. To try to see Al’s point THEN and NOW. 
Does the resemblance between Al Pacino in 1977 and Manglehorn’s sight mean Al Pacino NOW hopes to find true love? I wish I knew.
I mean THIS fragile (!) eyes expression. Around 1977 Al Pacino hoped to find true love and felt vulnerable. 
I can’t decipher this. ZOOM IN: when Manglehorn holds the cat near the window, Al’s eyes reflect his sight of 1977. 
I also want to watch Carlito’s Way and Heat because of Al Pacino’s love-making scenes. Forget these words. You DON’T see them.
And I’m indeed often melancholic. You know, actually today I have one more date: with Bobby Deerfield. I should go. 
If my love for Al nourishes me with energy (I try to return it as my care of him), it probably means by my nature I’m a low-energy person.
I NEVER get tired of Al Pacino because the firework between romantic and maternal feelings gives me energy, gives me forces and MEANING.
Being focused only on ONE man, maternal and romantic instincts may probably lead to exhaustion many women. Which is certainly not my case.
The last female that Colonel Slade meets is not Ms. Downes but a little girl. Symbol that I was a kid at that time. 
I repeat, you need maternally warm care, Shy Orphan Alfredo: tender massage, footbaths, breakfast on tray, etc. 
Every time I tell Al that no expensive lady will ever bring him maternal warmth, he doesn’t hear. And then suffers. 
Gabrielle Anwar, Winona Ryder, Charlize Theron, Jessica Chastain... I’m happy I’m not beautiful and have no other boyfriend except Al.
Another pain of Al’s life: young ladies leave him. Because of their boyfriends who don’t always deserve their love. 
Only God knows how much (and also why) I’m afraid of making a mistake while taking care of you, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
I can’t take Shy Orphan Alfredo to my family, to my home. Maybe that’s why I keep at home for years his portrait. 
Actually Siberia where Colonel Slade doesn’t want to order a table is not a deep province. I know it, I live there. 
When Mrs. Rossi advises to keep Colonel Slade away from the sex service phone, I’m like: “Don’t worry, Mrs.Rossi. Now he uses smartphone”.
Mrs. Rossi: “Six months ago, he could sometimes tell light from dark, but now…” now Al Pacino is FINALLY REVIVED. 
Scent of a Woman ironically starts with what Al’s soul longs for. Mrs.Rossi with her son symbolize maternal warmth. 
Why do I enjoy Al’s love scenes only on his birthday? Fear of disappointment. I’m afraid of seeing these things that will NEVER be mine.
Richard III kissing Lady Anne, Bobby Deerfield kissing Lillian - today I'm in a  paradise. Love you much, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
Of course, I don't have enough time for ALL films, I watch only my favorite parts: like the birthday cake scene in Author Author, etc.
P.S. While going to bed, imagine I give you maternally tender massage, wrap you in blanket and keep you in my arms, my Shy Orphan Alfredo.
Love you, My Shy Kitten Alfredo. Wish you Happy Birthday! I will ALWAYS love you. 
And when I see how depressed Al was exactly at that time (the 1990s), I understand who needed my love. Sorry for making you wait, my Al.
You know, I remember very well that being a kid in kindergarten I often looked through the fence, feeling something waited for me outside.
Maybe we are fated to become each other’s relief and consolation, support and protection, Shy Kitten Alfredo? 
Though I became Al’s fan in 2003 because of The Godfather, Scent of a Woman arouses SPECIAL tenderness in my heart. 
When I was 13 years old I liked a boy at school but he didn’t care. I came home disappointed. It’s Scent of a Woman (1992) that was on TV.
Today, on Al’s birthday, I think a lot about his life and my love for him. I regret only 1 thing. I could have started to love Al earlier.
Subconsciously you’re yearning to be a woman’s man and her child at the same time. Women have other plans, right? 
In a woman’s heart Al Pacino arouses intense feelings: 2 instincts (maternal and romantic). And in some cases it could complicate things.
Shy Kitten Alfredo’s habit to idealize Love as notion and faith in true love somehow made him go through years (actually decades) of pain.
My habit to idealize Love as notion and faith in true love brought me the 12 happiest years of my life, though my love for Al is unshared.
I watched Frankie and Johnny in the morning. And started to think about love in Al’s life. Poor shy orphaned kitten. 
My plan for April 26 (Sunday): The Godfather I-III, The Humbling, Carlito’s Way, Heat, Insomnia, and other films by my further choice.
My plan for April 25: Frankie and Johnny (finished), Scent of a Woman (just started), Author Author, Looking for Richard, Bobby Deerfield.
I can’t figure out whether in LA it’s already April 25 or not. Here it’s certainly April 25, around 6 p.m. And I’m devoting the day to Al.
Happy Birthday, My Dear Shy Kitten Alfredo! Wish you perfect health and happiness! You are my Man and my Child. 
Maybe on your next birthday we'll have romantic dinner at cozy home atmosphere with maternally tender massage and heart-to-heart talk.
Of course, I wish you got in touch with me exactly on your birthday but you seem too shy for this, My Dear Kitten Alfredo: it’s all right.
My Cute Kitten, I’m so happy that your birthday will be on Saturday. I’ll be able to devote to you the whole day. 
Anyway, I’d be grateful for any protection or support (and especially encouragement) but NOT by the price of you being hurt, Al.
If you shielded me from potential pain, it'd probably mean you trust me, right Kitten Al? I wish we got in touch. 
I cherish the dream of wrapping you in soft cozy blanket, My Kitty Alfredo. I know you’d resist because of your shyness - I’d overcome it.
Alfredo, I want to TAKE CARE of you in maternally warm way: tender massage, footbaths in the evenings after work, breakfast on tray, etc.
If I had been given the chance, I would have kept you under my wing during all these decades, my dear shy Al. I want to protect you TODAY.
FORGIVE ME for reopening your old wounds yesterday, my Alfredo. I just don’t want to leave you alone, face to face with your pain.
I wish I could kiss you not only in maternally tender or friendly warm way, but I have no skills. 
Every time you feel pain or fears, My Shy Alfredo, imagine I hold you in my arms and kiss you on the forehead in maternal way.
When I see your character’s nervous shock in the fountain scene of Scarecrow, I want to wrap you in blanket and hold you in my arms.
You shouldn’t have used your inner pain and depression as a tool of acting to make your characters more emotional. It’s dangerous for you.
I feel the need to talk with you about your pain, Al, but I’m afraid of hurting you:

Besides, using private messages we could spend your birthday together. Sorry, now I should go. I'm embracing you in my mind, my Alfredo.
I dream of talking with you, my Kitten Al. Via email, skype, whatever. Just to say I love you and finally know what you feel about it.
By the way, you'd probably be shy and a bit afraid while getting in touch with me, my Shy Orphan Alfredo. Don't worry, me too, I'd be shy.
You will soon have your birthday, my shy Dear Kitten Al. Imagine that I give you maternally caring massage and warmth every time you need.
My Orphan Alfredo, I feel peace in my soul ONLY when I imagine that you’re in bed and I can finally caress you. 
When I was 17 years old, I wanted Al Pacino to love me as Brandon (Alan Rickman) loved Marianne (Kate Winslet).

When I see what the women were wearing in the 1950s-1960s, I understand why Shy Kitten Alfredo likes elegant and classy ladies even today.
This evening my mom and sister are watching Perry Mason. Let me join them, Kitten Al. To better feel the 1960s.
My daily routine reminds of Manglehorn's one: I work, then I stand in cafeteria line with a tray (thinking of Al) and then I work again.
The song You're My Destiny (1963) by Paul Anka somehow reflects what I feel for Al Pacino:

Kitten Alfredo, I want to better feel the time when you left school, became an orphan and came under Lee Strasberg's wing.
If I lived with you, I'd make you spend much time in bed, Al. Your nerves and muscles should finally feel relaxed and safe (massage, etc).
I wish I was spiritual surgeon: to heal the injuries of your soul and remove this pain of more than 50 years, my orphan Alfredo.
Shy Kitten Alfredo, I want to grab you, put you in bed (by force, if you resist, my kitty) and give you my care: massage, footbath, etc.
Yesterday I watched an episode of Perry Mason (1957-1966!). Can't believe poor Kitten Al has been waiting for maternal warmth for SO LONG!
You know, I REALLY love and hold dear the expression that Al has in his eyes while standing with cat in arms next to window in Manglehorn.
I feel a bit sad. All I can do is to glance at Al's portrait: "Well, it's not me who can use money and power to reduce this distance, Al".
I miss you SO MUCH, Shy Kitten Al. I'd even agree to be the little girl (1:55 - "Thank you for my lion") just to see you next to me.
Moment 1:18 (see it FULL SCREEN): Manglehorn with cat in arms next to window. Al's eyes are SO SINCERE!

This conclusion is very DEAR to me because it took me 12 years. The 12 happiest years of my life. Love you really much, Shy Kitten Al.
The secret of reviving is to give Shy Orphan Alfredo maternally caring love (tender massage, footbaths, etc) right? 
Such a miracle that years later shy Al seems to be SO revived, right? I’ll never stop thanking the heaven for it. 
“I finally gave up on it”. This line from Scent of a Woman illustrates best Al’s attitude for love after the 1990s. 
But I wish you thought more about love not only for the sake of the career and new roles, but also for the sake of Love itself, my shy Al.
I tell you this in order for you to appreciate Kitten Alfredo’s return to the love theme. In The Humbling, Danny Collins and Manglehorn.
And indeed after Looking for Richard Al Pacino stopped playing love stories. He played different guys. Sometimes villains.
I also love Looking for Richard where Al (after Richard's lines) becomes a “villain” because he’s deprived of love. 
You know, I admire Scent of a Woman because in this film Al’s character can’t find a woman who’d REALLY LOVE him. 
It looks like in the recent years Shy Kitten Alfredo started to think more about love. And it has positively affected his choice of roles.
Al has played the whole romantic palette: failure in love (The Humbling), success in love (Danny Collins), unrequited love (Manglehorn).
Since 2003 (when I became his fan) Al never played in films about love. But lately he did The Humbling, Danny Collins and Manglehorn.
One day I was looking for Julio Iglesias’s songs in French and found this beautiful clip. Hope it's visible to you:

Sorry, I'm afraid I should go: I'm embracing you in my mind, Kitten Al. Love you and miss you every minute of my life.
Try to find Je Crois Que Je L’Aime with Vincent Lindon and Sandrine Bonnaire in English Shy Kitten Alfredo. As for me I understand French.
Maybe because of Al Pacino, I love films about workaholic men who feel puzzled after being struck by Cupid’s arrow:

An example of the music that I usually “share” with Al Pacino’s portrait - Viens M’Embrasser by Julio Iglesias:

I should be talking about maternally caring warmth because it’s what you need most, Shy Orphan Alfredo. Love you. 
Looks like Manglehorn has inspired me to be excessively frank. Sorry if I’ve annoyed you, my Shy Kitten Alfredo. Love you really much.
Yes, my life is full of loneliness... but it’s not deprived of positive emotions and of the mood of being in love (soul flying feeling).
Sabrina 1995. This is one of the romantic films that I traditionally “share” with Al Pacino’s portrait for years:

For years, when I watch movies about love, I glance from time to time at Al Pacino's portrait: “Look at their love, Al. It could be us”.
Of course, I have nothing against Dawn as Manglehorn’s new choice, but I guess I'd NEVER be able to deal with any other man, Al. Love you.
I know this feeling when you finish your work and hurry up to get to home, to your ghost-like beloved, but someone “friendly” stops you.
You don’t have to write to me Al... I just let my pain go out of me, learning after Manglehorn’s ways to do it.

It would be a true miracle to get a reply from you, Al. At least the reply for my usual daily thought “I hope you’re doing well, Alfredo”.
I write my love letters for you, Shy Kitten Alfredo, right here on Twitter, all in public, while I wish it was a more private way.
I should confess Manglehorn is more eloquent in love letters than I am. Actually, we can write to EACH OTHER, Al. 
I can watch the trailer of Manglehorn endlessly, recalling many winters and summers of living this way. I wish I watched the film.
The 12 years of unrequited love have shown to me that it’s not only pain, but also happiness. Shared with your beloved’s portrait.
The film Manglehorn will certainly be my favorite: it’s the unique movie where Al Pacino shows on screen the pain I live with.
While The Humbling is about YOUR world (theater and art), Manglehorn is about MY world of eternal unshared love, Kitten Alfredo.
I know how it feels to get up in the morning and (before doing other things) to glance at the beloved’s photo: “I hope you’re doing well”.
Seeing Manglehorn keeping Clara’s portrait, I feel his pain. Because me too, I live with Al Pacino’s portrait for years.
Every moment of my life, even when I work or spend time with the family on weekends, I think of you and miss you, My Shy Orphan Alfredo.
The image of kitten may also symbolize the true nature of Shy KITTEN Alfredo. He probably feels the connection. 
Cats of Colonel Slade and Manglehorn symbolize their loneliness and their inner desire/need to GIVE care (caress). 
The greatest obstacle between us is your shyness and your resistance (not the distance or age difference), my Al. 
My immaturity can scare you Al. Despite this feature of mine, my love keeps me loyal to you for 12 years (since August 2003). Don't worry.
It’s more dangerous to depend on a particular/special female (instead of all ladies). If she’s young and immature, she may cause troubles.
Colonel Slade longs for the warmth of any woman, while Manglehorn actually needs just 1 particular lady. Which of them is more vulnerable?
Since my FAVORITE moment 0:23 (“Dear Clara...”) Al Pacino’s intonation somehow reminds me of Colonel Slade:

My Shy Orphaned Alfredo, I love you really much and miss you deeply. But it's morning here and I'm going to be busy. Sorry, My Kitten.
You look cute Shy Kitten Alfredo. I’m happy for you. Unlike me, you look optimistic (thanks to God!):

That’s why this year I face the depression coming by waves, and often try to leave Al Pacino who is the home of my soul.
When I turned 26 years old, I got more realistic: the fear of staying forever a lonely old maid often drives me to depression.
When I was 15 years old, the life goal was clear to me: to find Al Pacino (by any price) and to revive him with my love.
But you’ve never appeared in my life to become my love. And as a sort of consolation, I'm still trying to use the Ricardian theme.
I’m afraid I’ve taken you Kitten Al (especially as Richard III) for my ideal model of the man able to love truly. 
I know the pain Manglehorn described: to be in a boat in the middle of the ocean and disappear because she (in my case he) doesn’t care.
I know this feeling of living in a city of strangers and longing for the dear soulmate who lives too far and never replies your letters.
I like you here, Kitten Al. It’s just like me. Waiting for the eternal beloved who’ll never come. 
Our lives are over, Mr.Manglehorn. You’ll never get a reply from Clara. I’ll never get a response from Al Pacino. 
Thank you for playing ME and my lifestyle so plausibly in Manglehorn. Really great acting. Sorry, now I should go. I'm going to be busy.
Manglehorn trailer: the cafeteria moments are really dear to me.

Just like Manglehorn, I often stand in the local cafeteria line with my tray: thinking of you and indifferent for the people around.
Thank you for playing me and my desperate dead-end-like never mutual love in Manglehorn. Its trailer shows exactly the way I live.
I changed my mind because you seem to me a bit depressed too (in your photos with Harold Becker on Zimbio). Don't worry, I STAY with you.
Sorry, my dear Al - these days I felt a bit depressed and wanted to give up on my love for you. Now I changed my mind.
Please, Kitten Al, surrender to my feelings ;-) otherwise, we can lose all our (potential) time together. 
Don’t worry, even if you refuse my love (you may dislike me) I’m ready to give you in bed just maternally warm care, Shy Orphan Alfredo.
I want you to be in my bed, my Kitten Alfredo. Right now. Sorry for being so immature, but I got tired of waiting. 
I thought that after 12 years of my love for you I deserve at least 1 friendly word in return, Kitten Alfredo. Now I feel exhausted.
My dream is to spend with you, Al, at least 1 night in my life: whether it’d be about love or just maternal care. 
At 26 years old it’s very hard to keep from imagining different things that require a secure place (home, bedroom). 
I NEVER get tired of my dream-like fantasy where I give you my care: massage with camomile cream, footbaths, etc. 
Forgive me Kitten Al. While demanding from you the first kiss in my life I shouldn’t forget you PRIMARILY need maternally tender warmth.
I hope you take into consideration my earlier posts where I ask for the first kiss in my life, Shy Kitten Al. 
I want to hint that you should be saved from your depression Shy Orphan Alfredo. You should be protected/supported. 
While Richard III was a man of great courage and strong will, Lady Anne probably saw the vulnerable sides of his soul and was his support.
I think in real history Richard III and Lady Anne were a man and a woman who perfectly fitted and protected/supported each other.
Anyway, I love you My Beautiful Kitten Alfredo. I’ll NEVER leave you: you should be saved from your depression. 
Sorry for these inappropriate comments. But I’m sure you’ll forgive me, Kitten Al. I know you have a generous soul. 
Hanging out with Josh Duhamel at the new movie set is probably more interesting than seeing me in real life and giving me the first kiss.
I once counted on you as my potential teacher in SOME domain, shy Alfredo. But apparently you have other plans. 
I can offer only my care (massage, footbaths, etc) because I have no skills in SOME domain, my Shy Alfredo. 
Whether I’m under your protection or not, I want to keep you under my wing, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
And almost every time I see the words of different minor characters saying to Lady Anne that Richard protects her. A heaven-sent hint?
Sometimes I want to know what Al Pacino would feel for me - in such cases I open Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien at a RANDOM page and read.
You know today in the morning my mom somehow remarked that probably no man will ever want to marry me. Well, she’s right, I guess.
I suggest a new form of VIP-offer: 1 private night with Al Pacino in his bedroom. As the author of the idea, I should get 100% discount.
Can you lend me some money, Al? ;-) I want to buy a private lunch or private flight with Al Pacino. 
I’ll ALWAYS love you, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, even if you’ll never turn my monologue about love into a sincere DIALOGUE.
Frankly speaking, your depression seems to have the tendency to periodically return. I’m afraid of it. Please NEVER give up, My Kitten Al.
I don’t really need you to be on stage/screen. I need you to be in my arms getting my care: massage, footbaths etc. 
You love the tightrope walker metaphor, my dear Shy Orphan Al. Have you ever thought of those who want this walker to come back down SAFE?
I need your support to better understand your lonely orphaned nature and take care of you better, My SHY Alfredo. 
I could win the fight for your revival, if I had enough support. And sometimes I feel like I have this support, Al. 
I don’t want One Night Only with Al Pacino. I want All Nights with Al Pacino. 
Your evening for fans in Atlantic City is already finished, my Kitten Alfredo? Now I’m waiting for more info.

What can I say? For 12 years of my love for you, my Shy Kitten Al, I feel the wholeness of life (harmony with universe) but it's unshared.
I've just found Al’s comment on “Perdition catch my soul” (Al Pacino: The Authorized Biography by Lawrence Grobel). 
Shy Al, it’s... a wrong position. You should be lying FACEDOWN, if you want to get the massage with camomile cream. 
“Do I look depressed? Tired, yes, but not depressed” - if you’re tired, the tender massage that I often offer is what you need, dear Al.
Thank you for the attempts to calm me down by saying you’re not as depressed and suicidal as Simon Axler, but I don’t believe you, shy Al.
Here’s a new interview of Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo:

To all those ladies in the world who share my fantasies about Shy Al, I recommend these movies. 
After all, you don’t have to make my fantasies come true. Just their EXISTENCE is enough to me, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
I often watch King Lear’s scene (The Humbling): I need to see Al’s naked chest. But I stop it before suicide. 
One more question: after the warm massage you’d fall asleep, Shy Kitten Al? Or you’d try to teach me SOMEthing new? 
By the way, about massage: would you unbutton and take off your shirt yourself, Kitten Al? Or you would allow ME to do that?
I’d make you sit down on bed and I’d put your feet into warm water footbath. And then I'd open camomile cream tube. To give you massage.
It's YOUR SHYNESS that KEEPS YOU AWAY FROM ME, my Dear Kitten. Instead of doing the film you could get my care. 
I’m charmed: you look great. Grey jacket and waistcoat (completed by warm coat) make me think of Colonel Slade. 
Despite all my love and tenderness, you prefer spending time with Josh Duhamel, right my Shy Kitten Al? 
The main is to caress you tenderly in order to keep you revived, My Alfredo. I offer you massage, footbaths, etc. 
But I remember that my MAIN duty is to take care of you in possibly maternal way, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
I seem to be not only Al Pacino’s fan but also a Ricardian, right? Well, “loyalty binds me” as Richard III’s motto says (Loyaulte Me Lie).
I feel some envy, Al. Having a chance to travel from time to time to the UK you can visit the places related to Richard III and Lady Anne.
You don’t have to satisfy my desires, Shy Kitten Alfredo. But I wish I could satisfy your need for maternal warmth. 
Sometimes I’ll ask you to give me the first kiss in my life, Alfredo. Don’t pay attention: it’s human nature. 
You deeply need maternal warmth, Al. I still insist on giving you tender massage with camomile cream. 
My Shy Kitten Al, if you don’t accept my romantic feelings, I can totally switch to my maternal emotions for you. 
Sorry for being so frank. For me all these feelings are very serious. But to you, dear Al, it may sound like a young girl’s immature talk.
By opening his chest (for the dagger strike) in Richard III Shy Orphan Alfredo reminds me of this hypnotizing feeling of total security.
By being protected, by safety I mean a subconscious state of mind when I see in Al the male who dominates over me (as female).
When I was 15 years old (2004), I was shy when Al’s chest in unbuttoned shirt (in Insomnia) hypnotized me by a feeling of being protected.
By his actions Al’s Richard III seems to be saying to Lady Anne: “Love (and kiss) me or definitely destroy me”. 
As Richard III Al suggests that Anne should accept his kiss. Just after she refuses (maybe she's afraid?) he suggests she should kill him.
I often say that in 2011 Al’s Richard III removed my fears of ideas (fantasies) related to physical love. I forget to explain how exactly.
I'm so happy to see you REALLY optimistic, My Dear Kitten Alfredo.

Every day I’m yearning to caress you, My Shy Orphan Alfredo. I want to give you tender massage with camomile cream. 
I know you mostly need MATERNALLY tender warmth, Shy Kitten Alfredo. Forgive me if sometimes I want more. 
If only you knew, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, how much I’m afraid that my immaturity can make you push me away. 
Richard III created by William Shakespeare and Al Pacino has removed my fears of physical love ideas. 
Fighting for Al Pacino’s revival is the best homage I can pay to Richard III who seems to have blessed this love. 
Rest in peace, Richard III...

Many people have come to pay tribute to Richard III:

Every morning this week I try to imagine myself at Leicester Cathedral. 
King Richard III’s reburial. I wish I had been there... I think about it every morning this week. 
I SWEAR I’ll do all my best in order to NEVER let you return to the profound depression you’ve shown in The Humbling, Kitten Al.
I want to tenderly keep your face in my hands, Shy Orphan Alfredo. I want to make you feel my warmth for you. 
If you give me the chance, I’ll NEVER let you become again as depressed and suicidal as Simon Axler, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
High level of your intelligence and your profound sensitivity make your soul gentle, vulnerable, and very careful in contacts, right Al?
I also learn to notice (and appreciate) being protected. Would I be grateful for this? I REALLY am, My Kitten Al. 
Richard III in the book Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien teaches me that a man (Richard or Al Pacino) can be often busy with his work/service.
Of course I don’t think that in our previous lives we were Richard III and Lady Anne. But this couple is my true inspiration, Shy Alfredo.
“Once, in an earlier life, you called me Richard...” – I really love this line from Virgin Widow by Anne O'Brien. 
When I need courage in my love for Al Pacino, I watch Looking for Richard and read Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien. It gives me forces.
If only I could, I would make you lie down on bed, I’d give you tender massage, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
I don’t have much time... but I miss you, my Shy Kitten Alfredo. Love you. I want to embrace you. 
“Tell her that WITHOUT HER MY DREAMS ARE ALL IN VAIN” is the original line of the song Just Say I Love Her:

Al once quoted (at Popcorn studio) the song Just Say I Love Her changing a line: “tell her that without her I don’t know where I’m going”.
I checked the lyrics of Barbra Streisand’s song you’ve quoted in the interview, shy Al. I like the line: “Our love is one in a million”.
Back to interview: I won’t comment on the song Baby Doll until I know exactly to whom you devote this song, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
I love the photo below. I'll keep posting it for any reason. You often have the fire of revival in your eyes these days. It inspires me.
It’s very thoughtful of you to surprise me with a new interview almost every day, my SHY AL:

Sorry, I don’t have much time on work days. But I really enjoy your interview, my Kitten Alfredo:

I don’t mean theater and real stage. I mean a private and intimate (bedchamber-like?) adaptation, My SHY Kitten Al. 
When I’ll be at my work, shy Al, read Shakespeare and Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien and think: maybe you need a partner to do Richard&amp;Anne.
I wonder how can you actually prepare ALONE some scenes, Kitten Al? 
According to this article Al prefers rehearsing roles alone: you don’t want to do Richard&amp;Anne reading with me, Al?

After a whole day of longing for you, it’s great to see and hear you again, My Kitten Alfredo. You look CHARMING!

You know, Mondays are always so HARD because during the weekends I get used to constantly hearing Al Pacino’s voice.
I feel indebted. Richard III, Shakespeare and Al Pacino have destroyed my fear of physical love ideas (about Al). 
Love you much, Shy Kitten Alfredo. But it's Monday morning here and I'm going to be busy. Miss you enormously.
If I met Al Pacino in real life I’d take him for shopping: to buy blankets, footbaths and camomile cream. To give you massage, Al.
Every time you have the winter of discontent, I’ll turn it into a glorious summer, My Orphaned Kitten Alfredo: I want to take care of you.
I wish I could try to read with Al the dialogues of Richard III and Lady Anne. From Shakespeare’s play and Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien.
In the talk with Charlie Rose, Shy Kitten Al admits he could try playing Richard III again. 
I can’t reach the high level of Al Pacino’s wisdom. It only remains for me to admire his intelligence. He would be a great life teacher.
I would like to apologize for my immaturity Kitten Al. Love you enormously. I know you need maternally warm care. 
While listening to Al’s talk with Charlie Rose that covers a huge number of subjects, I feel that Al is much more intelligent than me.
I think any woman at theater (especially hired as Al’s assistant for stage) would certainly try to flirt with him. 
If I’m not mistaken, while talking on his female assistant who forced him to go to stage Al underlines she was JUST his assistant. Good.
I’m charmed by Al’s soft intonation in the interview with Charlie Rose. It helps me better understand (English is not my native language).
AL HAS CHARMING EYES! Complete version of Kitten Alfredo’s interview hosted by Charlie Rose:

Just want to say I’d be really grateful for protection from your side, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I really am. 
Now I don’t know... how to change the subject. Let’s return to the point of being protected by Al Pacino. 
If you like, you could teach me some important things, my Shy Kitten Alfredo. I don't insist, if you don't want it. 
I would try to revive you, dear Al. By massage with camomile cream, footbaths, breakfast on tray, and other things. 
Don’t you think we should unite our efforts in order to contribute to YOUR revival, Kitten Alfredo? 
It’s such a great honor to be protected by you, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
You know, I really admire (and watch very attentively) the documentary moment when Shy Alfredo protects Winona Ryder from criticism.
But I NEVER forget my main goal (and theme here) is the fight for Shy Kitten Alfredo’s revival. Yesterday I watched Looking for Richard.
Sorry for my off topics. As a kid, several years before becoming a fan of Al Pacino, I was really passionate about history and archeology.
Boar symbol is not the only thing inherited by Richard III from King Arthur. Old legends say King Arthur had to RETURN after his death.
When I look at one of the heraldic symbols of Richard III - wild boar (center of his necklace here) I see the hint. 
Symbolic description of King Arthur’s birth in Brut: “Uther shall have a son… that shall be a wild boar, bristled with steel”.
My university research was devoted to King Arthur in Brut by Layamon (13th century) in translation by E.Mason.

When I look into your BEAUTIFUL eyes, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, I thank God for your revival. 
One more recent interview with optimistic Al Pacino:

Note under the picture: “Anne of Warwick, Queen of Richard 3rd”. Can’t find who’s made SUCH A BEAUTIFUL portrait. 
My Twitter has simply inherited the white rose as its avatar from my old livejournal:

I have just noticed what I have as my Twitter avatar. White rose. Lady Anne’s symbol. But it’s not intentional. It’s accidental.
To be serious: feel free to count on me Shy Orphaned Alfredo. I’ll always take care of you. I’ll NEVER leave you. 
I wonder if we both see your Richard III in the same (or at least similar) way, my dear Kitten Alfredo. 
Back to the interview: Kitten Al says (around the moment 21:22) that now he feels his Richard differently, right?

To be frank, I also feel grateful to Anne O’Brien. Her Virgin Widow has enriched my fantasies about Kitten Alfredo. 
Kitten Alfredo’s Richard III removed my fear of physical love ideas and made me appear in 2011 on Facebook&amp;Twitter. 
Richard III and Lady Anne are a kind of the coat of arms of my fight for Al's revival:

Anne died in March 1485, and there was an eclipse. Richard III will be reburied this March after the recent eclipse: God is mourning them.
Richard III’s reburial will start on March 22. Let Richard, Lady Anne and their son Edward rest in peace. 
Richard III has returned to this earth for a little while. Maybe he wanted to see for whose love he became a sort of guardian angel.
You know, I avoid the theme of Richard III. Once I start it, I’ll keep talking for hours. Both about the fictionalized and real king.
I like Al has a really wise interviewer. Besides, me too, I wanted to ask the question about “stay true to yourself” (from Danny Collins).
BREAKING NEWS: fuller version of the interview hosted by Charlie Rose. You’re so FRAGILE and GENTLE, Kitty Alfredo:

I feel so much tenderness. May I call you “Kitty Al” instead of “Kitten Al”? Or “kitty” in English rather means a female kitten?
Moreover, you got REVIVED (thank you, God!) My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
Several times in your life you put your life in danger (the 1960s, the 1980s and some other depressed periods). I'm happy you’ve survived.
About mistakes and regrets: your mistake is all those times when you thought of suicide, Lonely Orphan Alfredo. 
I use this photo from Revolution because here Al is ready to LISTEN ATTENTIVELY to what the young girl is going to say to him.
Al says: “I don’t regret things because out of mistakes, and I've made plenty... I learned”:

It’s Saturday morning here. That’s why I’m writing a bit out of my usual twitter schedule. I mean I’m sort of free this weekend, Al.
On the other hand, I don’t insist, Kitten Al. I love you already for 12 years. I can EASILY wait for an eternity. 
LUCKY-LUCKY Bobby Cannavale. He says he often gets texts from Al Pacino! I would die for a message from Shy Al:

I mean, the regular massage practice could lead to your better relaxation, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. Right? 
In the interview Kitten Al says repetitions lead to great results: I think it's also appropriate for tender massage with camomile cream.
ZOOM IN AL'S EYES in the photo to see how profoundly he got revived, thanks to God. I’m charmed by Shy Kitten Al during all the interview.
The interview shows very well the BEAUTY of your eyes, my Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
Or the “court scene” means Richard as a JUDGE (in one of those moments when he decides the destinies of his friends: Buckingham, etc)?
Sorry, English is not my native language... does Kitten Al mean by the “court scene” the scene with Lady Anne?

I LOVE this interview: I wanted to make screenshots but the name “Richard” suddenly stopped me and made me listen:

You're REALLY charming and TRULY revived, my Dear Kitten Alfredo. Love you much and miss you. 
You know... yesterday I underestimated Al’s charm and his ability to relax. Now I’ve found more videos and photos.

I’m IN LOVE with Shy Kitten Al in the latest photo I’ve posted. He’s so CHARMING while being PRIVATE and sincere. Love you much, shy Al.
I wish I could put you in bed, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I’d give you tender massage with camomile cream. You need care.
FAVORITE photo: Kitten Al’s eyes are so soft, RELAXED and BEAUTIFUL because the situation is already less formal. 
Shy Kitten Alfredo feels better when he thinks no one sees him. In front of the cameras he puts on sunglasses to hide his fragility.
You’re CHARMING, Al. The most beautiful (fragile) expression happens in your eyes exactly when you wear sunglasses. 
I wish I could solve your tension. Don’t worry, Al. After Simon Axler’s suicidal depression I’ll NEVER leave you: I’ll take care of you.
You look optimistic and revived but also... extremely shy, My Kitten Al. Love you much. 
I’m happy to see you again - you look really great, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
Shy Orphan Alfredo’s depression should be healed (completely or at least partly) by heart-to-heart talk, tender massage, footbaths, etc.
And I also want to talk with shy Alfredo about the most difficult and delicate point: his need for maternal warmth. 
Like this scene, for example. I wish I could discuss it privately with Kitten Al himself. 
I dream of watching some of Al Pacino’s films with him because I have a lot of questions. Besides, I want to show him my favorite moments.
In this Danny Collins video Kitten Al’s room has the two really necessary things: bed for giving him massage and TV to show him his films.
It’s a pity My Shy Orphan Alfredo will never invite me to his room... For whatever purpose.

If you don’t like such an idea, I can keep taking care of you in strictly maternal way. I know you need it, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
I want not only massage but the initiative should belong to you, Kitten Alfredo. I have no skills in this domain. 
I’m not sure whether I impose the tender massage on Al Pacino because of his needs or for the sake of my own satisfaction: maybe for both.
You know, at night I saw in my sleep Simon Axler having pain in back - how are you feeling, Al? I still offer massage with camomile cream.
You’re my king, shy Alfredo. I love you. I swear to serve you and protect you until my death. 
Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, you’re my prince, my king, my everything. Love you much. Keep getting revived. 
By the way, don’t pay attention at Lancelot in Arthurian legend. The only young man who can divert me from my king Al is the younger Al.
I feel like Charlie (Scent of a Woman) at that moment when Colonel Slade asks him if he was born around the time of the Round Table.
By the way, has Al Pacino ever seen how gently Sean Connery’s King Arthur treats his younger wife in First Knight?

I see Al Pacino's revival as the main mission: well, no wonder my postgraduate university research devoted to King Arthur failed last year.
I actually like a metaphor of knights' order fighting for years for a noble goal despite any obstacles. To me such goal is Al’s revival.
I’m happy to see Al Pacino being revived now. I’m glad that despite the temptations to give up on my crazy dream I’ve kept my faith in it.
This film somehow has reminded me of all those weeks, months and whole years (since 2003) that I dreamed of saving Al from his depression.
Film The Last Legion (2007) is not related to Al Pacino. But it's reminded me of my fight-like dream to revive him:

I’m happy to see you relaxed, dear Kitten Alfredo:

Sorry, if I'm writing again girlishly stupid and inappropriate hints. Actually I love you, Al. And I miss you much. 
I feel NOT ALL of my instincts are satisfied, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. What about the first kiss in my life? 
From the talk on Stravinsky: Shy Alfredo is such a cute kitten! His happiness makes my maternal instinct satisfied. 
What I suggest is physical caress (maternally warm massage, footbaths, breakfast on tray, etc) because you NEED it, my Shy Orphan Alfredo.
I wish I knew your point of view on my feelings, my Alfredo. Maybe you'd show me the exact way to take care of you. 
I feel confused. Like Al Pacino is my life teacher and guide, but I appear to be too stupid as his pupil. 
It reminds me of 2004 when I was 15 years old and I was reading Chekhov’s “The Seagull” (in Russian, of course) because of my love for Al.
I feel awkward ;-) when Al makes me discover some treasures of Russian (my native, actually) culture: because I was supposed to know that.
I know the plot because Prince Ivan and Firebird are characters of Russian fairy tales for kids but I’ve never seen The Firebird ballet.
The same part of The Firebird starts since the moment 8:40 of this video:

Igor Stravinsky conducts The Firebird:

Since 0:28 – Al says at 21 years old he saw Igor Stravinsky conducting The Firebird Suite and The Rite of Spring:

What is undeniable is that I love you, Shy Orphan Alfredo, and I want to take care of you in maternally warm way: massage, footbaths, etc.
I’m sorry, dear Al, if my recent posts (this week) look a bit light-minded and girlish: I don’t always express my feelings properly.
Your current revival is so precious to me, Shy Kitten Al. I often feel paralyzed by the fear of ruining everything. 
I keep in mind the balance scale metaphor: if my love for you is on one side, your depression and fear of pain would be on the other side.
I would never forgive myself if accidentally (due to my current immaturity) I did something making you push me away. 
You know, Kitten Alfredo, I really hold dear your vulnerability and fragility. It makes me be afraid of doing or saying something wrong.
Trust me and don’t be too much shy, My Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I want to take care of you because I love you much. 
I'll NEVER leave you Shy Orphan Alfredo. I remember that via Simon Axler’s depression you’ve shown the most painful issues of your life.
Shy Orphan Alfredo, you’re not only my child, but also my man: don’t you want to give me the first kiss in my life? 
Love you much My Cute Kitten. I hope the beautiful eyes you hide behind the sunglasses reflect good mood. 
I sleep somehow only in sofa bed during all my life. I wish one day I finally slept in CLASSIC bed. With you, my Al. 
Seriously - if we lived together I’d give you tender massage with camomile cream already today, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
Sorry for these vague girlish hints. If you agree to give me the first kiss in my life, I won’t sound so awkward. 
As the place of action I suggest Lady Anne’s bedchamber (mine, actually, since I'll play her). We’ll change Shakespeare by adding massage.
Shy Al says he usually needs much time to rehearse: I still offer a private (intimate) adaptation of Richard III. 
How many interviews did Al give on that day? The 4th video (the same Danny Collins studio):

Sorry, if I say the things you wouldn't like to share. Anyway, I love you. I'll always take care of you, Shy Orphan Al. Now I should go.
You know, Kitten Al, I don’t always manage to suppress the vague desires coming from the romantic side. 
My unspent romantic affection for you Al (since I’m shy of love fantasies) deepens the warmth of my maternal vision.
But if you don’t share my romantic feelings, dear Kitten Al, it's all right. I know the main is to take care of you in maternal way.
My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, I hope you understand that I feel for you not only maternal compassion. 
Take care of yourself, my dear Al. Love you much and really miss you. Now I should go to my work, sorry.
I still remember the balance scale metaphor mentioned by me earlier: I won’t leave. I’ll ALWAYS take care of you, my Shy Orphaned Alfredo.
Really good interview. Kitten Al’s eyes are very optimistic:

I know Shy Kitten Alfredo’s natural (innate) fragility and vulnerability have REALLY returned to him. Thanks to God.
PLEASE keep getting revived, Shy Orphan Alfredo. I’ll NEVER leave you. I always caress you in my mind. 
After seeing Simon Axler’s suicidal depression I started to feel more responsibility in my feelings for Al. And I got more mature, I hope.
I’m happy you lately look revived and healed, Alfredo. But I still want to give you tender massage, footbaths, etc. 
Warmth and care (maternally tender caress) on regular, eternal basis would heal Al from many of his sufferings and fears, from his pain.
His depression side is not only the fear of pain and the fear of being abandoned, it may also be apathy after too much pain (5 decades).
Back to balance scale metaphor: while my affection for Al is on one side, his depression and fear of pain would be on the other side.
I still don’t know how to comment on this – I don’t want to scare (and chase away) Kitten Al’s first and shy ideas about marriage.
I refreshed my web search page for several times. I thought the headline “Al Pacino could wed” is my hallucination:

On the other hand, Al’s revival for the past years (since 2011) looks like a miracle. Blessed by God. 
If it’s true, it would mean I should NEVER leave nor lose this fight. That’s why I’m so serious and caring these months (since January).
And so now I feel like my feelings for Al Pacino is on one side of balance scale, while his (suicidal?) depression is on its other side.
Do you want to know why I lately keep being so caring (and often worried) about Al Pacino? It’s because in January I watched The Humbling.
And if I really had the right to ask Al Pacino for a gift on Women’s Day (March 8), I would ask for this feeling of security and safety.
Being protected by Al Pacino... I would give everything for this feeling. 
I'm not absent, I'm just watching your films on my days off, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
PLEASE take care of your health (eat healthy food, etc.). You need to be in good shape. It’s important for your survival and your revival.
I remember you since 1997 but I wasn’t able to read depression and pain in your eyes, when I was 8-9 years old. 
Even if I’ll be considered as a crazy fan, I’ll anyway stay with you, dear Kitten Alfredo. I’ve been loving you for 12 years (since 2003).
My Shy Orphan Alfredo, I wish I could take care of you every day: tray with breakfast, footbaths, tender massage. 
I DON'T insist, but if I could write directly to your private emaiI, I would protect you from your fears and anxiety, my Shy Kitten.
I feel there is a border after crossing which your shyness turns into anxiety, Shy Kitten Alfredo. Believe me, I’ll stay with you FOREVER.
I think you often feel the fear of pain (disappointment) and the fear of staying alone (being abandoned), my shy Al. 
Feel free to send me a message ;-) my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I’ll anyway be totally yours for 3 days: I’ll enjoy you and your movies.
Women’s Day (March 8) in Russia should be a day off, but it’s anyway Sunday, that's why the extra day off will be March 9.
What do I want for Women’s Day? No flowers, no other gifts. Just the first kiss in my life, shy Kitten Alfredo. 
You don’t have to follow Russian holidays, my shy Al, but you can congratulate me on the upcoming Women’s Day (March 8) if you like.
I can’t resist my desire to warm you up, Shy Orphan Alfredo. And I'm afraid this desire is not always maternal. 
Just like in any other film, Shy Kitten Al subconsciously shows his fragile and vulnerable orphaned nature. 
This evening I'm really enjoying Author! Author! (1982) where shy Kitten Al has a purely Russian name Ivan. 
Somehow these weeks I keep rewatching Al Pacino’s films about love. I already mentioned Frankie and Johnny and Revolution.
Danny Collins, The Humbling and Manglehorn are telling about love in the life of Al’s character (unlike Phil Spector and Stand Up Guys).
Look at your kitten-like charm, Al. I want to keep you in my arms, I want to give you tender (and maternally warm, if you need) massage.
This moment is great for zooming in – I REALLY love your warm eyes, my dear Kitten Alfredo. 
One more recent interview. For this time Kitten Al is interviewed by a lady:

Me too, I’m shy. At night in my sleep I had a “real” meeting with Al Pacino. I was amazed and didn’t know what to say. And then I woke up.
My dear Shy Orphan Alfredo, I feel your shyness is really deep and extreme. It makes me worry about you. I REALLY want to encourage you.
Moment 00:44 – when Kitten Alfredo closes his face with hands, I REALLY want to embrace him in a warm friendly way:

By the way, someone is merciful enough ;-) to finally post Al Pacino and Annette Bening from Danny Collins:

Deeply in my heart I wish one day you were daring enough to appear in my life, Shy Kitten Alfredo. I promise I’ll always take care of you.
Not only your shyness, Al, but also all the pain you’ve got in your life would probably prevent you from being open for new contacts (me).
I keep zooming in this photo on my smartphone: your eyes returned to their initial fragility, it means you do well: 
I really enjoy the moment 0:44 - what do you want to say by such reaction, Al? Do you feel extremely shy? Don’t worry, you’re great.
This video is amazingly on time, because today I’m going to talk again about your shyness, my Kitten Alfredo:

Please NEVER smoke, Kitten Al, NEVER drink alcohol and ALWAYS take care of yourself: eat healthy food, etc. 
By the way, I’m still having my camomile cream... Feel free to imagine I give you tender (maternally warm) massage every day, Kitten Al.
Tactile physical care of Shy Orphan Alfredo (or at least some illusion of it) brings to my soul deep peace. 
I’m deeply touched by the caring attitude of Al’s character for Daisy and by his sincere interest for her life way. 
If you ever need help, feel free to consider yourself as my adopted “child”, Shy Orphan Alfredo. Love you really much. Sorry, I should go.
In Al’s films I see his delicate treatment of women (tactile level). This treasure stays unspent, because his real-life ladies left him.
And that’s why I can’t embrace you, even when I really want, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. But try to imagine it. 
The world I share with you, shy Kitten Al, is based on feelings, emotions and words. But it’s deprived of physical (tactile) sensations.
Al’s shyness in 1980s and now (now he’s EVEN MORE SHY) shows me WHY he won’t get in touch with the one who wants to help (me for example).
Al’s revival of nowadays coincides with my watching of Revolution. It was a period of depression in his life. 
The film The Humbling has become for me a precious lesson: Al Pacino should be protected. From himself. 
Just want to say that I really miss you, Kitten Al, and feel much tenderness for you but now I should go to my work.
In general, it’s clear that you got revived, Shy Orphan Alfredo. And I’m really happy to see YOU happy. 
Sometimes I watch Bobby Deerfield, but the story never gets changed. Al keeps making love. Not to me. 
Al's vulnerable (fragile) eyes and the exquisite (delicate) hand gesture reminds me of Bobby Deerfield. 
Zoom in to SEE REALLY WELL THE EYES expressions. Is Al Pacino lately more (!) optimistic than in the 1970s? 
Zoom in Shy Kitten Alfredo’s eyes. What do you see in them? The 1970s, right. The Al Pacino of the 1970s. 
I love in the interview Al talks about acting as lyrics without music. Beautiful idea. I really like music. 
I’m happy to see you again, Shy Kitten Alfredo. Besides, I like this format: private interview in a cozy studio.

I don’t have Revolution: Revisited, but I watch (and really like) Revolution 1985. This scene is my favorite. 
Saturdays are brilliant: I watch Al’s films for a whole day. But on Sundays (now) I get worried: on work days I’ll see and hear Al rarely.
Kitten Alfredo looks really cute, inspired and enthusiastic. But I can’t find other details of this event by now. 
According to Mario Lopez, Al Pacino said this is his first (!) selfie ever ;-) What does it mean? Do you start a new life, Al?
Shy Kitten Alfredo is really cute. And his smile here is very sincere… 
In The Humbling after “falling” with Pegeen’s suitcase, Al KEEPS being kneeling till the end of the scene. Why does he NEED this position?
Al always finds a reason to get kneeling in front of a young girl. Due to his innate courtesy. Or he begs for love? 
Noble angel-like rage -  maybe that’s why Coppola chose Al Pacino for playing Michael Corleone. 
I like the scene in Needle Park where Al gets a guy (the one with eyeglasses) out of Helen’s bed and chases him away. Such noble rage.
In The Panic in Needle Park Irene says to Helen: “Bobby will be LATE EVEN FOR HIS OWN WED”. Yeah, Al Pacino doesn’t hurry up, right?
Kitten Al, can the word “wed” be the short form for “wedding”? Hope I hear and understand English quite well. 
I have no words... I even react now slowly because in my mind I'm still there, I still want to be there. In the scene of Richard and Anne.
THANK YOU REALLY MUCH for the scene of Richard III and Lady Anne, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
I mean, the impression I get from Al as Richard III is so deep that I don't dare to watch. Al makes this scene so personal, so intimate.
I always talk about Richard and Lady Anne, but actually I rarely watch the scene itself because it's kind of sacred to me. I don't dare.
I feel grateful to you Al not only for Richard III, but also for protecting Winona Ryder from criticism (a documentary moment). So caring.
What a deep and powerful scene... I've just watched the scene with Richard III and Lady Anne (Looking for Richard) for 5-6 times in a row.
But your charm NEVER makes me forget that you long for special (maternally warm) care and tenderness, my Kitten Al. 
Somehow watching romantic movies with Al Pacino brings some tension rather than relaxation. 
It’s indeed a great idea, even though (I know) you don’t like the idea of marriage, Shy Orphan Alfredo. 
It’s Saturday and I really want to relax by getting plunged in your beautiful eyes, my cute Kitten Alfredo. 
As for me, I keep in mind this massage dream every time I open my tube of camomile cream: I could put a portion of it on your skin, my Al.
Please don’t worry, don’t be shy, my Alfredo. And keep in mind my desire to give you tender massage and footbath. 
Your shyness may cause you unnecessary tension, my Kitten Alfredo. I want to encourage you. 
I also love and respect Manglehorn because unlike the real Al Pacino, Manglehorn has the COURAGE to WRITE LOVE LETTERS, despite SHYNESS.
I hope not only your career (but also your spirit) is able to move from Simon Axler’s suicidal depression to Danny Collins’s revived mood.
I think a cream with some relaxing extracts (camomile, for example) should be used while giving you the massage, Alfredo: you need it.
Every nerve and every muscle in your body yearns for maternally warm caress, Kitten Al: you need tender massage, footbath, soft blanket.
If you want to be happy in your love life, Pegeen and her playthings (including Tracy) are clearly NOT the solution, Shy Orphan Alfredo.
Kitten Alfredo looks really cute in the photo from The Humbling. I love when his dark eyes get shiny (of pleasure or reviving fire).
Sorry, I think I should go. Maybe I’ll have some time to watch some scenes of The Humbling again. 
I mean Colonel Slade (protective of Charlie), Michael Corleone (Part III, protective of Mary), Richard III (protective of Lady Anne), etc.
I adore you as shy child (vulnerable orphan) and admire you also in father-like (protective) roles, dear Alfredo. 
I’m happy ;-) Danny Collins will have a screening in March: the more screenings, the more chances for an illegal copy to appear.
Private correspondence (and Skype?) would give us the chance to open up and know each other better, but I don’t insist, my Dear Kitten Al.
Sorry, I guess my first kiss would be very shy, but I know I can count on you: you’re very caring and delicate, Al. 
It’s a pity Shy Kitten Alfredo doesn’t think after 12 years of my love for him I deserve at least one kiss. 
Actually the tenderly stroking, maternally warm massage and romantic caress can be the parts of the same vague fantasy (and fragile hope).
In slight shame for my dream I recall Al’s words: “That I could wake up in the morning and she’d still be there”. 
In the evenings I usually keep resisting my love fantasies about Shy Kitten Alfredo, but during the nights they win over me totally.
When I imagine holding Shy Orphan Al tight in my arms, it turns my maternal compassion for him into Something Else. 
Sorry, now I should go. Love you and miss you really much, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
You’re sensitive by nature because you’ve always been a vulnerable orphan. I wish I could REALLY take care of you, Al.
I really love the scene where Frankie hurts her finger and your Johnny takes care of her. You’re caring and delicate by nature, Kitten Al.
I lately watched Frankie and Johnny. Never be shy of your age (like Johnny in this scene) my dear Kitten Alfredo. 
I really miss you, Al. Sometimes I watch your films just to hear your voice because I don’t always dare to look directly into your eyes.
Well, if one day I play Lady Anne in the home adaptation of Richard III, I’d need you to be my teacher, Kitten Al. Not only in acting.
We could also make a domestic (private and intimate) adaptation of Richard III with a plenty of time for rehearsal. 
I mean tenderly stroking (and maternally warm, if necessary) massage, my Dear Orphan Alfredo. 
I think Simon should do neither the commercial nor King Lear – he should (as well as Kitten Al himself) stay at home and get my massage.
You know, Kitten Al, for all the questions that your Simon asks Pegeen I actually have my own answers. Very different from hers.
It’s not only my SINCERE desire, but also a sort of response to Simon Axler’s absence of faith that a woman could stay with him forever.
Don’t worry and don’t be shy because the decision is taken - I’ll be your fan (I’ll be in love with you) for the rest of my life, Alfredo.
If one day you really write to me, Kitten Al, and I don’t reply, it means I didn’t get it. Try again&amp;again (via Facebook, Twitter, etc).
I wish one day you wrote to me your first message: about the true reasons of your kitten-like shyness, my dear Orphan Alfredo.
If you treated me mercifully (but silently) what would be your reasons? I don’t dare to expect romantic feelings. 
Maybe it’s just my fantasy, but I’d be really grateful for protection and tenderness: I can’t find the right words to express what I feel.
More and more often I feel like... not only God SILENTLY supports me and mercifully treats my feelings. 
I don’t complain - as for my own 20s, at 22 years old (2011), I appeared on the web which is a unique chance to tell about my love for Al.
When I was about 15-18 years old, I felt slight envy for the young ladies who were in their 20s while meeting Al. 
By everything I’ve said about your shyness (especially in contact with young ladies) I’m trying to encourage you to be less shy, dear Al.
Kitten Alfredo, your shyness makes you worry and hide. That’s why you may have the wrong (inverse) worldview. 
But above all I hold dear your vulnerability (fragility) of shy orphan that you may not notice in your appearance. 
Let’s return to your perception of yourself: you certainly have a CHARISMA, Kitten Al. And I love your eyes. 
Besides, the older ladies are wiser: they won’t hurt you, Kitten Al, while the young ones may hurt your feelings even without noticing it.
Maybe that’s why you feel so shy (distant) with younger ladies, and open up only for emotional connection with ladies close to your age.
Anyway... being a really shy creature, you may really have problems related to your perception of yourself, my Shy Orphan Alfredo.
During the past decades, some other beautiful Galatea could have broken your heart. Making you even more shy. 
For example, your first Galatea (Lady Anne). You were so affectionate and caring with her, Shy Kitten Al. 
Another reason may be your shyness, reaching its extreme degree, after some young lady has hurt your feelings (unintentionally).
Maybe, your younger female colleagues saw in you just a teacher of acting, and you didn’t want (didn’t dare?) to ask for more.
Jessica Chastain and Greta Gerwig REALLY tried to fit your artistic vision but you kept distance: did you feel shy? 
In The Humbling I constantly feel like you subconsciously keep distance (create a wall) between you and Greta Gerwig (younger lady).
In Danny Collins you have an amazing chemistry with Annette Bening, Kitten Al. Do you feel more relaxed with the ladies close to your age?
I understand Al’s character though, as for me, my romantic philosophy is not Romeo and Juliet. It’s Richard III and Lady Anne.
I guess it’s Al’s real trouble: women have nights with him, then they figure out he wants true (“idealistic” to them) love and they leave.
One more nuance in Frankie and Johnny that I want to discuss: “Johnny, you’re just lonely. We don’t have to be Romeo and Juliet” (Cora).
I don’t want to force you, my Shy Kitten Al, but probably the day when I give you REAL care is far from us just because of your shyness.
I’m sure that you’d never decide to write a little note to ME because you’re too shy, Kitten Alfredo. But anyway I love you REALLY much.
I remember in Frankie and Johnny (1991) Johnny once suggested he could write little notes to Frankie. 
Me too, I’m shy. But I cope with it, by writing about my most intimate feelings in public since 2011:

I REALLY love your shyness, Alfredo. But sometimes I feel like it’s the main obstacle between us. And so I’m trying to encourage you.
If you keep being extremely shy, dear Kitten Alfredo, I’ll never be able to give you REAL care and tender massage. 
I really appreciate Danny Collins’s hopeful mood, because I still feel worried by profound depression that Al showed through Simon Axler.
I hope this statement fits not only Danny Collins but also Kitten Al himself: by the way, at 2:15 Al is laughing like he did in the 1970s!
Moment 2:11 – Annette Bening says “He’s sort of ready for something else in his life. That’s very beautiful”.

Shy Orphan Alfredo is really cute. I’m in love with this fragile expression of his eyes. 
Anyway, it’s NEVER too late to surround Shy Orphan Al with (maternally) tender warmth and caress. By the way, he looks REVIVED lately.
Yes, I could have done MUCH more for you, shy Al, if I had had more faith and confidence: Richard and Lady Anne encourage me since 2011.
I could have done much more for all these 12 years of my love for you, Al: I could have appeared on Twitter earlier. For example, in 2003.
Richard III and Lady Anne are the magical allegory (metaphor, symbol) that works as the coat of arms of my whole fight for Al’s revival.
Richard gives Anne strength. The inverse process works too: when Lady Anne feels next to Richard secure, he takes strength from her love.
By the way – while Lady Anne is apparently weak, it’s Richard’s protection (and love) that make her more confident. 
I've once already written that a fragile female would perfectly fit Al’s shy nature (see “To Take is Not to Give”):

Most of Lady Anne’s life is unknown, but in plays and books (Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien) she looks quite fragile and gentle.
The real-history Lady Anne didn’t leave any traces of being a really strong personality: she was Richard’s wife, and passed away too soon.
By metaphorical level I mean that Richard III and Lady Anne are the heaven-sent symbol (rather allegory) of how Al Pacino should be saved.
To me Richard III and Lady Anne are certainly the source of endless inspiration at all possible levels: from historical to metaphorical.
Dear Al, I’ll be totally yours not only at the weekend. February 23 in Russia is a holiday (and day off). But now I should go.
I prefer your POSITIVE Galatea (Lady Anne). I hope this “vacancy” is now free in your heart, my Shy Orphan Alfredo. 
I feel like Pegeen is Al Pacino’s destructive Galatea whom he’s created in order to show the way he SHOULDN’T be treated by a woman.
Being Pegeen, I’d jump out of bed, rush to you and carefully help you lie down on bed for massage, Kitten Alfredo. 
I agree that Greta Gerwig is perfect for the role but her character NEVER tries to heal Simon’s back pains: I’d give him massage AT LEAST.
Pegeen’s quarrel with Simon Axler (before his opening night) upsets me, but also serves me a lesson: I’d be more caring about you, shy Al.
You know, in the morning right before finding the Danny Collins video, I watched the dinner of Simon Axler, Pegeen and Prince (Priscilla).
Be careful about your chemistry ;-) with Annette Bening. You look together very well. I feel a bit confused. She’s a married woman, right?
You look CUTE and quite optimistic in the interview (see the featurette) but it could be filmed earlier. How are you feeling NOW, shy Al?
You look CHARMING, Kitten Alfredo, but I should go to my work now.

Sorry, now I should go. In my mind I’m embracing you, my Shy Orphan Alfredo. Maybe one day I’ll learn how it feels to keep you in my arms.
I hope you’re feeling well these days, My Dear Love. I’m a bit worried, though. Want to take care of you. Miss you. 
By using Looking for Richard photos, I don't mean 1996. I mean Eternal Feelings For Al (as eternal as the story of Richard and Lady Anne).
At nights I feel something vague - only you can solve this, my Alfredo. But if you like, we’ll be just friends. 
You can’t imagine how profoundly my heart is longing for you, shy Kitten Alfredo. I love you really much. 
Centuries of waiting are nothing because my hope is 1 minute of keeping you in my arms in the future, shy Al. 
Alfredo, I love you for 12 years (it means 12 summers, 12 autumns, 12 winters and 12 springs) and I CAN wait for you for a WHOLE eternity.
My Kitten Al, I wait every day through 8 hours of work and a few hours with my family (dinner time, etc.) for the chance to see you.
I may sound stupid and immature to you (you're older and wiser) but I really want to keep you under my wing, Al. Sorry, now I should go.
NEVER be shy, never be afraid, my dear-dear orphaned kitten Alfredo. Imagine me taking care of you every time you need help.
Day and night I’m yearning to keep you in my arms My Shy Orphaned Kitten. I really miss you during the work days. Love you much, Al.
I’d feel grateful for protection and tenderness from you, Al, but NOT by the price of you being hurt by others. 
If I was allowed to take care of you on daily basis (tender massage, etc) you’d be less shy, my dear Alfredo. 
I wish I could tenderly touch your cheek with my hand... But maybe it would only deepen (increase) your shyness, instead of removing it.
You rarely appear in public. Do you feel shy? Don’t worry, I understand, Al. I’m shy too. Hope you’re doing well. 
I don’t want you to feel pain. I’m ready to take care of you. Want to keep you in my arms every moment of my life. Sorry, now I should go.
I’m not mature enough to understand all the issues causing you pain, shy Al. But in the course of time I see more and more, I think.
Because your depression may be more profound that I can ever expect. No wonder. You’re a vulnerable orphan easy to hurt and needing care.
After Simon Axler’s King Lear suicide I’ll do all my best in order to NEVER leave you, Kitten Al. 
Let’s forget for a while this delicate point... There is a more important thing I want to underline again, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo.
Richard III and Anne are just an illustration (example) to launch (rather to hide) the subject I want to discuss. 
Kitten Al, how would you react (as Richard III), if your Lady Anne asked you to teach her kissing, to give her the first kiss in her life?
Actually, many historians and the writer Anne O'Brien believe that Edward Lancaster and Lady Anne NEVER were close (as husband and wife).
Maybe it’s just my fantasy... Anyway, you can read below what I think about Al shielding a young person and suffering as the result.
Sometimes I feel like... someone spares (silently but mercifully treats) someone else’s feelings. 
I want to keep you in my arms, Kitten Alfredo: relaxation is really needed because you’re going through much tension in your daily life.
Want to give you all possible care (from support to tender massage), my shy Al. I wish you knew where to find me. 
That’s the point I wanted to discuss. Colonel Slade and Charlie are just an illustration (example) to launch this subject.
In such a case, I’d certainly feel the need to protect you in return by giving you care, my Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
I wouldn’t like the idea of being shielded by you, My Shy Orphaned Alfredo, if the price of this protection is you being hurt by others.
But while shielding a young person (like Charlie or me) you may actually suffer, my dear Al. From the attacks of others, I mean.
Well, I guess... if you suddenly feel support and encouragement from the side of Kitten Alfredo, it actually removes all your fears.
One of my favorite scenes is the moment where Colonel Slade is showing his support (by touching Charlie’s arm). 
Even if you wouldn’t accept my romantic feelings, we could anyway be at least just friends. You need special care because you’re an orphan.
I mean... I know you’re shy, but anyway feel free to count on me. I’ll always take care of you, my dear kitten Al. 
And so, by being now more caring, I’m trying to compensate for the time I wasn’t sensitive enough. Love you much, my Shy Orphan Alfredo.
Kitten Al, sometimes I feel like... not only God protects me in this quite awkward story with my feelings. 
I wonder how you’d react, my Orphaned Kitten Al, if I offered you tender (maternally warm, if necessary) massage? 
In the most beautiful scene of Scent of a Woman shy Alfredo is all depressed in bed. And Charlie tries to suggest a ride to encourage him.
Can’t forget the song (by the way, really beautiful) that Al once quoted at Peter Travers’s studio. Here it is:

It makes a beautiful contrast: follow Al’s deep depression in Scent of a Woman, and then switch to the optimism of revived Danny Collins.
I’m happy ;-) that now you prefer smartphone, my Kitten Al. Ordinary phone couldn’t save Colonel from depression. 
The solution sounds the same too: “I could have a woman’s arms wrapped around me” and “I might live one hour in your sweet bosom”.
“There’s no one wants to tear a herring with me anymore” and “there is no creature loves me”: do Slade and Richard III feel the same as Al?
If time is testing my love for Al Pacino, I’m ready to be tested for centuries. Especially if it can (somehow potentially) really help Al.
I’m ready to take you under my wing, my dear Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. And actually I consider like you’re already under my wing.
Did you notice that I never say anything new? I just always tell again my usual position, Al. In a more and more mature way, I hope.
Maybe now it’s time to save him (I mean Al himself, not his character). By love and by the maternally warm care he’s been longing for.
By saying “this self-destruction mood” I mean the suicidal depression of Al’s characters. 
Simon Axler who shares this self-destruction mood (taken by Al to stage/movie set from his real nature) needs to be saved by love too.
Richard III (“I might live one hour in your sweet bosom”) and Slade (“I could have a woman’s arms wrapped around me”) have the same dream.
When I watched Looking for Richard for the first time in 2011, I saw it was true: shy Al seemed to expect a young woman to save him.
I had felt it’s a young girl (rather than Charlie) who should stop Al in his self-destruction and depression. 
There is some connection between Al’s inner self-destroying trend and his orphaned nature. I feel it for years:

But as for me, I feel like... Charlie. Want to keep studying Al’s self-destruction in Scent of a Woman. 
I guess on Valentine’s Day most of Al’s fans will choose to watch Frankie and Johnny. 
On Valentine’s Day, should I zoom in your cheek, Al, and kiss it (through my smartphone screen) while I’m alone and no one is seeing that?
By the way, now I can finally zoom in and caress your chest (in the photos where your shirt is unbuttoned). It’s a pity you don’t feel it.
I wish on Valentine's Day I could help you take off your shirt and give you tenderly stroking (maternally warm, if you need) massage, Al.
I’ve accidentally touched Al's face with 2 fingers and his beautiful eyes got bigger. Before that, I zoomed in my photos only on computer.
Caressing Al’s cheek (by touching my smartphone screen) I've just found out how to zoom in on smartphone. 
On Valentine’s Day I promise that I’ll always take care of you, Alfredo. Sorry for my attempts to leave you in the past, I was a fool.
Happy Saint Valentine’s Day, my Dear Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo! 
At nights I can’t keep from imagining something romantic between Al and me but in the mornings I feel a bit sad because it’s impossible.
But then I’d need the same encouragement from you because I may get shy while REALLY being right next to you. 
I would embrace you, Al, and I’d hold you tight in my arms waiting for your shyness to surrender to me. 
But probably it’s just not your dream to be my life (and love) guide, shy Kitten Alfredo. 
There is only one situation in which I’d feel more shy than Al and I’d need his help. 
Shy kitten is the best metaphor of Al Pacino’s true nature. I want to grab Al and keep him in my arms. 
I've reposted the photo in a bit bigger dimension which is noticeable on computer rather than on smartphone. Zoom in, I like it.
Kitten Alfredo, you look like: “I know I’m expected to be less shy but actually I can’t be less shy”. 
The day my arms finally embrace you, my Shy Kitten Alfredo, would be the day I’d thank God for making come true the main Dream of My Life.
But I would certainly find in my girlishly shy heart the courage to give you care and maternally warm massage. I love you, my dear Al.
Your shyness and fragility, Kitten Al, make me caress your cheek by tenderly touching my smartphone screen. By the way, I'm shy too.
I’m in love with your eyes, and I wish they could one day encourage me, looking at me directly. 
I love you for 12 years (since August 4-5, 2003) and I’m ready to wait for centuries. For the fragile door of your shyness to open, my Al.
Kitten Alfredo, I really want to help you overcome your shyness. My feelings for you are very tender. 
My Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, the main obstacle for my love for you is not the distance between us or our age difference, but YOUR shyness.
Just want to keep you in my arms, caress you with tender massage and protect you from all the world. Love you much Al. Sorry, I should go.
I wish I could REALLY help you, my Shy Orphan Alfredo, even though I can’t find the right words to describe my desire to take care of you.
Al Pacino and Richard III have a feature in common: they secretly hope for a young woman’s love to revive them. 
Al Pacino and Colonel Slade have a feature in common: they try to look optimistic while actually hiding pain. 
By the way, there are so many FAKE users Al Pacino on Twitter. Well, the real Al would never want to appear here, right?
I find it flattering that @OlexyFreshPromo has followed me today but I’ll perfectly understand them if later they decide to unfollow me.
But in fact I never have a good sleep if the way to express my feelings for Al gets suddenly interrupted. Now I should go again. To work.
Sorry, my Dear Kitten Alfredo, I was interrupted again by my parents' bed-time-hour rule: they think I should have good sleep before work.
Living in your eyes, Al, I never forget the film reveals your (probably real) depressed mood. Sorry, I should go. Love you much.
I always notice the moments of your charming child-like fragility, my Shy Orphan Alfredo… 
Kitten Alfredo’s eyes are showing the same vulnerable beauty as in 1970s (the scene where Pegeen comes with Tracy). 
I could live in your smartphone, Kitten Al. I could heal you by Skype. Just like your doctor in The Humbling… 
After asking the cafeteria staff whether they saw my office let-pass card (they said they didn’t), I got a new one: happy end.
Having lunch in the cafeteria, I dreamed of Al ;-) no wonder I left on the tray my let-pass card, and now it’s somewhere in the trash.
Sometimes I almost hate myself for declining from mother-like policy. Anyway, the goal is to save you, Kitten Al. 
Lately I’ve also been seeing you as MAN, Kitten Al, it diverts me from my maternal motivations: SORRY for what I imagine about us at night.
But the words are not enough: there should be a real action in order to surround you with special (almost maternally warm) caress.
I once described my point of view about this point (how to help you, Shy Orphaned Alfredo) in here:

If you act depression so deeply, it means this state of mind is close to you, and the main reason is your need for care: you’re an orphan.
Depressed characters (like Colonel Slade) make the best part of your filmography (no doubt, of stage career too). 
Dear Al, I still feel very concerned about those of your characters who reflect depression (and often suicidal ideas too).
Feel free to save some links: it’s upsetting that the fast stream of endless and eternal Twitter river takes away my dreams.
By entering in Twitter search “Kitten Alfredo”, “Shy Orphan Alfredo”, “Orphaned Kitten Alfredo” it’s possible to recall many cute moments.
These days I’ve decided to remind you of my photo existence because seeing Al’s face I wish he could see mine (not really pretty, though).
You can always find my photo by entering in Twitter search “wish I could tenderly embrace Alfredo the Shy Orphan”. Save it, if you like.
Add to my age a couple of decades, and I’d probably look like Annette Bening in “Danny Collins”. I want to see Al’s love story with her.
Actually I wear eyeglasses and look a bit too serious at the work office. I’m hiding from others where my heart is. It’s with Kitten Al.
Al has nice flirt with her (since the moment 1:09 of the trailer) and has in his eyes (see 1:17: "In general") the same fire as in 1970s.
I wish I could already see at least Danny Collins's love story with the hotel manager (Annette Bening):

I offer only massage because... in other spheres I'm rather unskillful. 
Movies are only an illusion of talking with you, shy Kitten Alfredo. I wish I could caress you in real life. With REAL tender massage.
Shy Orphan Al’s noble profile (head turn) from The Humbling reminds me of my favorite Al’s character Richard III. 
My answer ;-) to Al’s quote in the picture posted below: it’s not “too tedious to discuss” your charm, shy Kitten Alfredo.
Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo is amazing. I’m in love with this charming profile. 
I wish I could spend my whole days in usual (daily) situations with my Kitten Al. 
Beautiful eyes expression in which I feel Al Pacino MAN. It’s a pity we’ve NEVER seen each other in person. 
I’m watching The Humbling because I need to feel Kitten Al’s presence, even though I can’t have a chat with him. 
“User has asked not to be shown in this view”. Can't see the one who favorited a tweet of mine (I favorite it too):

When I put on my hands (a bit frozen in winter) some rose-oil-based cream, I understood I could use it for giving massage to my Kitten Al.
Anyway, I love you Shy Orphaned Alfredo. You need maternally warm care. I like imagining you in my bed receiving tender massage from me.
And I forgot to mention I never have a chance to visit Al Pacino’s evenings for fans and ask questions. 
By the way, I think new films and career opportunities (like Beyond Deceit) can encourage you, shy Al, by keeping you away from depression.
It’s f*cking unfair: I should've been born at least in Oregon (like Charlie in Scent of a Woman) or Texas (the place of Al’s Manglehorn).
And I don’t even mention I won’t see Al Pacino on stage in China Doll: the distance really pisses off. And yet I love you, Kitten Alfredo.
By the time I’ll finally watch Al’s new films, they will have stopped seeming new to Al. He’ll be in new roles.

I’m not complaining, my Shy Kitten Al. I just think I’ll watch your new films probably in the next century.

I still can watch neither Manglehorn nor Danny Collins: the art should be shared with people, not hidden for months to lose its freshness.
Why should a film go through many festivals and premieres? It takes 1-2 YEARS, and then I wait for MONTHS for it to appear in my country.
Beyond Deceit is a great job opportunity for you, Al, though ;-) you’d probably pay less attention to me, while working in a new film.
I already know that Al Pacino may play with Anthony Hopkins and Dan Stevens in Beyond Deceit:

I REALLY MISS you Kitten Alfredo. I wish I could unbutton your shirt and help you fall asleep by giving you tenderly stroking massage.
I wish I could REALLY (physically, I mean) caress you. I hope you’re doing well these days. Love you, shy Al. 
Always stay optimistic, my Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. I mean the light of optimism (satisfaction) in your eyes. 
It's Friday morning here. I'll soon belong to you again, Kitten Al (at the weekend, I mean). Love you much. 
Today I feel really tired after work - let me have some rest, Al. But be sure I'll anyway be dreaming of you. Even at night.
I wish I could touch your face with my hand and make you know in this way all the tenderness I feel for you, my shy Al.
I still watch The Humbling every time I feel the need for your presence, my Shy Orphan Alfredo. Love you really much and miss you.
It's snowy winter here, but I don't complain about the absence of the sun and warmth: YOU are my sun and my source of warmth, Kitten Al.
Sorry, now I should go – it's evening here. Love you much, Alfredo. Kiss you (at least on the cheek, if you let me do).
My Cute Orphaned Kitten Al, you need some special (almost maternal) warmth. And good massage. 
I know at the evenings with fans you feel really great because you’re on stage but I wish I could talk with you in a more private way.
By the way, I know on March 28, 2015 you’ll have an evening for your fans, Kitten Al:

I'd surround you with tender care, my Al, while you can teach me (through your acting skills) how to be less shy. 
If you’ve caught a nuance of hidden context in my previous post (about the bed time), you’re right. 
I wish the right to decide when I should go to bed belonged to Shy Orphan Alfredo (no longer to my family).
Sorry for leaving so suddenly yesterday. I'm 26 years old, but my parents still make sure I go to bed at the strictly determined time.
Cute Alfredo’s eyes are so soft (a bit DREAMY, I’d say): he has peaceful and generally optimistic mood, right? 
The male characters (Bruno in "O Rei Do Gado" and Waldomiro in "Suave Veneno") left their profession for a while for the sake of love.
Two age gap love TV-stories of my childhood were in Portuguese: O Rei Do Gado (see the video) and Suave Veneno:

I find it symbolic that the interview containing such important ideas (about Kitten Al leaving one day his work) is in Portuguese.
And yet I’ll keep dreaming to one day give Alfredo Shy Orphan some maternally warm massage, some caress, and some tender stroking.
Even if Kitten Al can really imagine leaving one day his profession, it doesn’t mean he’ll find some time for my care about him, right?
In the article Al Pacino says he may leave one day the acting because “There are so many other things” (“Existem tantas outras coisas”).
It’s Tuesday evening here. Today before going to work I found Al’s interview in Portuguese:

You know, Mondays are always hard... And so I'm really tired. But I miss you and I'm yearning to keep you in my arms, my shy Al.
I really want to keep you in my arms, Shy Orphan Alfredo. I want to caress you tenderly TODAY and ever since. 
"As roses need the rain..." - Al's song helps me by sounding in my memory when I can't see Al (while being at work) and really miss him.
It's Monday morning here. Before going to work I'm watching some of my favorite scenes of The Humbling. Love you really much Shy Kitten Al.
When people think I'm sliding my smartphone screen, I'm actually tenderly stroking Kitten Al's photos.
Open the full picture, zoom in (better on computer than phone screen) and look into his eyes. Shy Orphan Alfredo is cute and optimistic.
In order to catch sincere fire in Shy Kitten Al’s eyes, I should QUICKLY click Print Screen while he’s in dynamics. 
The interview at Peter Travers’s studio is challenging in making screenshots because every time I click Pause, I see a big arrow on screen.
I hope in China Doll the character of Shy Orphan Alfredo won't be left by his young and selfish fiancee. At the edge of depression.
There are theater scenes where I wouldn't correct anything because the action goes right. 
So, being a member of theater audience doesn’t really work for me – the temptation to “correct” the action on stage would be too strong.
And if I learned that some actors let themselves really hurt Al behind the stage, I’d kick/beat them too. 
I think it’s great I’ve never seen any stage plays with Al, otherwise actors who play his enemies would be all REALLY kicked/beaten by me.
If I were in the audience of Al’s play and his character was hurt (or beaten) by other characters, I’d leave the theater to show boycott.
I once had a great interest for plays you did on stage in the 1960s, Al, but when one of them ended badly (for your character) I gave up.
In the interview Al talks with much enthusiasm about his career in theater… 
I desperately need to change the subject. By the way, here’s a new interview of Al:

Well, I just mean... In order to get maternally warm (and tender stroking) massage, you should anyway be shirtless, right Kitten Al?
About your King Lear, shy Al... Let’s see WHO and WHY will undo your last button in the future. 
I hope you feel that lately I got more caring because after your King Lear suicide I’m planning to NEVER leave you at all.
I don’t believe, Al, that you’re not depressed and not at all suicidal. You’re just able to hide your pain from others.
It was great to see you at Peter Travers’s studio, Kitten Al. Glad to see you feel optimistic. Miss you much. Sorry, now I should go.
But then he got more mature and I just fell in love… but I anyway remember he needs MATERNALLY tender warmth. 
There were times when I believed this guy’s love for stage could help me learn how to be less shy and more free. 
Kitten Al can be saved by a really caring (almost maternal) attitude that he needs and certainly deserves: tender massage and other care.
I know on Twitter I seem to be quite daring: it’s because I firmly believe that Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo should be saved and protected.
Being 100 times more shy than you, Al, I don't manage to share your excitement for stage or Dog Day Afternoon CROWD moment “Attica”.
Don’t worry, Al, I won’t ask questions about that time. But it’s great that you had a girlfriend who was as shy and delicate as you are.
In the interview Al talked about Scarface itself, though usually he mentions his girlfriend of that time. 
Scent of a Woman is a rare case where a character (role itself) is much more important and more powerful than the given award (Oscar).
Colonel Slade once made me launch my ideas about Al Pacino’s need for maternal warmth in a woman:

I love Al’s intonation when people ask or hint (like Peter Travers) that he should repeat his “Hoo-ah!”. 
Actually, I REALLY appreciate such format: a comfortable interview in a cozy studio, completed by really eloquent scenes from your movies.
You have great taste in music, Al. Back to the interview: I’m happy you’re optimistic and willing to discuss your roles, my shy Kitten Al.
I also like the lines “Just say I love her, I've loved her from the start” and “Just say I need her as roses need the rain”.
By the way, Kitten Al, do you like the line “And tell her how I'm yearning to say what's in my heart”?
In his interview Al referred to this song. I kept listening to it (by different singers) until my Internet got frozen, and so I was absent.
Thanks to Al, I discovered “Just say I need her as roses need the rain…” (this one is by Engelbert Humperdinck):

Thank you for talking about the Me Natalie time and for calling Panic in Needle Park a beautiful film… 
Kitten Al, thank you for saying that The Humbling is not exactly your autobiography and so you’re not so depressed or suicidal as Simon.
You look optimistic, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo – it’s the main...

Sorry for being absent for such a long time: I got stuck at Peter Travers’s Popcorn studio. Have watched Al’s interview for several times.
The film Manglehorn would give me the chance to imagine how shy Al would express his feelings in writing.
I've read in a web review that Manglehorn was writing "I'm a wounded man, Clara". I wish I knew the rest of his tender letter.
I feel really excited by Manglehorn's story (I know how it feels to write love letters to your eternal beloved). I like Danny Collins too.
By the way, Kitten Al, do you know where I can find the torrents of Manglehorn and Danny Collins, or maybe watch them without download?
It's Friday evening here and I'm watching The Humbling. I wish my love could keep Al Pacino from playing suicidal roles. Love you much Al.
I wish you knew about my affection for you Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo (I don't dare to call my feelings "love" without your permission).
In the photo I really love Al’s eyes and the smartphone (not visible here) that he has in his hands at this scene...
The picture is from Simon Axler’s talk with Mrs.Rutledge: “Well, you should have someone nice coming to take care of you”.
Screenshot from The Humbling – I know exactly from which angle Al looks as fragile as in the 1970s… 
Let’s talk about your work plans, Al – I prefer unemployed Al Pacino rather than Al Pacino playing a suicidal man.
One more beautiful definition for Capricorn’s passion in love… 
“Capricorn’s devotion makes Taurus feel secure” - a beautiful quote about Taurus (it’s Al) and Capricorn (it’s me). 
I’d give you tender (stroking) massage with pleasure, Kitten Al. Especially because I know you’re a shy orphan who needs maternal caress.
BUT I’m ready to take care of the issues you may have due to the age: if you have physical pains (like Simon Axler) I’ll give you massage.
To me, Kitten Al, you’re not 74 years old. You’re 26 years of age (like me) plus 48 years of wisdom… 
If I'd lived in 1960s-1970s (being my 20s), I'd have met smarter guys than those of the current hiphop&amp;garbage era… 
Standing in our office cafeteria line I hear the talks of young men of my generation and see how stupid they’re often are. Al is better.
That's why I'm trying to be more caring about Al: I don't want my beloved to ever have bad ideas about his life. Sorry, now I should go.
After I discovered Simon Axler's suicidal ideas, I feel the inner need to spend more time with shy Al and take better care of him...
This photo keeps living in my memory. I really appreciate honesty (sincerity) in Al’s eyes… 
Alfredo is a shy orphan… living in his private world with his beloved, he would need her really caring (almost maternal) tenderness.
The full idea was “to become her husband and her father” but I skip the “husband” because I know you hate the idea of marriage, Kitten Al.
By the way, as Richard III you were going to be a “father” (protective figure) for your abstract beloved Lady Anne. 
If Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo really wants to have private love world, I’m glad because by my nature I’m a shy and stay-at-home creature.
Do all these theater metaphors mean that Al may actually have a dream of living (being "locked") in his private world with his beloved?
I was given education in linguistics. And I see that Richard III expresses the desire for private limited space too (“your bedchamber”).
No doubt, Cordelia (King Lear’s DAUGHTER in the original play) may be seen by Simon Axler differently - as the image of desired beloved.
The metaphor of prison where Lear and Cordelia would sing like birds sounds like a desire to be locked in your private world with beloved.
I’m in love with THIS expression of your eyes, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. Now I should go, sorry. 
Al needs relaxation and maternally warm massage. I think Mrs.Rutledge was right when she recommended to Al’s character a massage therapist.
Telling his hospital pals about the audiences Al gets silent and then we see only his shoe, not Al’s face, because it’s TOO PAINFUL TO AL.
I don’t have enough time to watch all scenes of The Humbling and so I recall them mostly by memory – there is one very personal to Al.
Zoom in. This beautiful expression of Al’s eyes comes from the 1970s. And means his SINCERE worry about some point… 
Simon Axler: “You never been with a man?” Well, that's right, Al… 
I've tried to take a picture of Kitten Al's shy smile by phone. I think looks really cute... 
Just love the feeling of “being” at Al’s door (every morning before going to work) and seeing his smile of 1970s… 
This is how I landed on Simon’s hint (to Pegeen) that in the future he may be in wheelchair. Don’t worry, I WON’T leave. I’ll die for you...
Sometimes I put the cursor on a RANDOM point of film track and consider the first lines Al says there as his message God wants me to hear.
The video appeared really on time: currently I’m trying to analyze how Al’s suicidal characters are related to his real-life depression.
Actually... what do I know about 1976-1977 in Al Pacino’s life? Break-up of the great romantic relationship and drinking alcohol, right?
Since the moment 2:14 – Shy Orphan Al you look SO depressed (killed by depression, I’d say) in this video of 1976:

I was thinking about all this for a whole night. Now it's morning here. Sorry I should go. I want to see Simon Axler before going to work.
The reasons of Al's suicidal characters sound similar: the lack of a woman's warmth. I guess, it's not just acting...
Slade ("a woman's arms wrapped around me"), Richard III ("I might live one hour in your sweet bosom"), and Simon Axler losing his woman...
Love you and miss you much, my Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. You need maternally warm and tender massage. 
Another point at which Al hints through Pegeen’s image is the selfishness of a young beloved. Al, I’d never leave you, seeing your pain...
If I wanted to buy a dress, Al, I’d spend MY OWN money (not yours). I also save money by avoiding noisy parties (I’m too shy for them).
I think high fashion outfits are garbage that people buy to fill their empty heart. That’s why I prefer jeans Al. Don’t worry about money.
I understand your concern that a young beloved (like Pegeen) can waste your money. But I earn money MYSELF, Kitten Al.
In his suicidal roles (Slade, Richard III, Simon) Al looks for some consolation in a younger creature who needs his dad-like protection...
Just look: Charlie (“to shoot or ADOPT?”), Lady Anne (“to become her FATHER and her husband”), mixture Cordelia&amp;Pegeen (DAUGHTER&amp;beloved).
Here it is... full of light stage with the optimistic Al. Not so dark and frightening as his King Lear’s despair. 
When Al reproached Pegeen of being selfish (“it’s MY opening night!”), I felt shame because I had actually omitted HIS orchestra EVENT.
This Monday my work day at the office wasn’t really productive... because the nightmare about King Lear’s suicide was haunting me.
My dear Alfredo, promise me you’ll never try to do some really bad thing (unlike Simon at the end of The Humbling). 
Let's do the following, Al - you'll keep the man I love (yourself) away from suicide ideas (even in art). And I'll take care of you ALWAYS.
I thought Colonel Slade (revolver) and Richard III (dagger) were a kind of coincidence but when I saw Simon with both shotgun and dagger...
I really need your help, Al - the man I love more than my life (YOU) seems to have some signs of suicidal behaviour in his soul...
If you feel depressed, my dear Al, you can trust me. I'll take care of you. I'll take you under my wing. Really... 
Al probably felt REALLY lonely while coming across the book The Humbling. I want to wrap Alfredo the Orphan in blanket and embrace him.
Really love you and miss you, my dear Al. Don't worry - if I'm absent, I probably enjoy you...
My shy orphaned kitten Alfredo, I still can't believe I now have my very own domestic Simon Axler. I'll keep enjoying him, ok?
I really love Al's sincere performance and those of Pegeen, her parents, Mrs.Rutledge, troublemaker Sybill, Simon's agent, and Louise.
Diverted from time to time by my family, I'm actually still watching the film: currently at the moment where Simon wakes up on stage floor.
Unlike Pegeen and people in LA, I hate parties and don't care at all about expensive clothing. I wouldn't be such an expensive beloved...
Simon was carrying the tray with 2 wineglasses and had pain in the back - I wouldn't stay in bed! I'd help him to sit or lie down...
I even clicked Pause (I was too touched) when Pegeen mentioned that Simon had given her his stage "wedding ring" when she was a kid.
The small train toy that keeps running throughout-the-film launched by Simon and Pegeen is a really beautiful metaphor (symbol).
Simon tells his hospital pals about the theater audience's current attitude for him and suddenly he gets silent. Heart-breaking...
The Humbling is a really BEAUTIFUL DRAMA, I even consider its entertaining and a bit light-minded trailer as misleading.
The standard Twitter limit of 140 characters for 1 message is not enough to transfer all I feel for The Humling.
While watching Al's performance ;-) and writing about this at the same time, I look like a stage critic, according to Simon.
I won't type my comments ;-) while watching because Simon Axler has just said to his doc it bothers him when people write.
Amazing... In the beginning The Humbling has a much more philosophical pace/mood than the (mostly entertaining) trailer of the film.
Bobby Deerfield, Panic in Needle Park, And Justice For All, etc. – they all once came to me as torrents… 
Please, Al, don’t chase the guys on the web who organize the free download of your films (my "Looking for Richard" once was a torrent too).
Al, I hope the winter of your discontent (your depression) has finally turned into glorious summer (your revival). 
I read you’ve recited a monologue from Richard III ("Now is the winter of our discontent..”) at Philadelphia event! 
I got used to Al’s voice, I understand what he says. But when others talk, I need either time to get used to their voices or eng subtitles.
And I’m really happy ;-) it has English subtitles – in order for me not to get stuck if I hear “star’s truck” instead of “star-struck”.
It's great you’ve joined the Philadelphia Orchestra for a special performance, Al. But now I’m so impatient to finally watch The Humbling.
Saint Tatyana (another spelling – Tatiana) is the guardian angel of all girls having this name. These girls get congrats on her day.
Dear Al, let me congratulate you! January 25 is the birthday of your children. Besides, it’s Saint Tatyana’s Day. 
Actually I’ve made a random screenshot of The Humbling. I haven’t watched the film yet. It’s Sunday here and I hope I’ll watch it today...
I put the same DVD cover of Any Given Sunday that I once posted. To let you know it's truly MY computer. 
Now I have the full movie The Humbling with English language and English subtitles. 
I didn’t eat, I didn’t drink – I was watching the download process. The result: The Humbling in great quality, original English version.
Well, yesterday (in Saturday evening) I found the necessary torrent and was downloading the film for several hours, being shaken as hell…
I knew it could mean only one thing – somewhere on the web there is a chance to download The Humbling. 
On the web there are many pictures from The Humbling - from the scenes NOT (!) included in the trailer... 
I feel like Pegeen. My parents have a bit reduced the Saturday time I was going to devote to Al Pacino. I was all involved in family life.
Though I think Al’s pain shouldn’t be a subject for fun, I’m touched by his greeting in the very beginning...

It’s already Saturday (weekend) here and I hope I’ll have more time for finishing The Godfather and watching again other films with Al.
This psychologically putting-at-ease scene really helps me when I feel afraid of what I feel. Thank you Al. 
When Richard III gets his dagger near his neck, the psychologist Shakespeare makes a girl’s fear OF her man turn into the fear FOR her man.
The only one who can solve my periodic natural girlish confusion is Kitten Al himself… 
Sometimes I feel a bit scared by my own (often involuntary) fantasies about Al and me. But I guess that’s natural fears...
When I see Al’s tender kitten-like grace, my heart melts with the urge to caress him… 
What are you thinking about, my Kitten Alfredo? Sorry if I behave like a fool these days… 
A new interview of Al Pacino. He talks about The Godfather – the film I’m watching these days with true pleasure:

If you have some pain in soul or body, I wish I could really help you, my vulnerable Alfredo. Never hide your pain and trust me Kitten Al.
“Good health is the most important thing” – your teacher Lee Strasberg has taught you THIS in The Godfather Part II. Remember it Al.
I would die for the chance to make your health better - please, take it into consideration, My Shy Orphan. 
I want to improve your health but you should help me, Kitten Al, by choosing to eat healthy foods, for example. 
I really like The Godfather II scene where Connie's words coincide with my desire: I want to be with you and take care of you, Al.
Your voice brings me feeling of security Al. Here’s a link with fragment of the talk:

You look optimistic and cute, my dear Kitten Alfredo. I’m happy to see you’re feeling well… 
This photo evokes in my memory strong association with “And Justice For All” – it's his gesture of opinion defense… 
I’m actually in love with his eyes in the photo posted below – so warm, so genuinely involved in the conversation...
Zoom in (on computer, not on phone screen) to see how cute Al is while being absorbed with the talk subject. 
Throughout my work day at the office I couldn’t forget Al’s pain sounds from the suitcase scene of The Humbling. My poor orphaned kitten...
If I were Pegeen, I'd get rid of the cat and rush to help my Shy Orphaned Kitten Al.

Count on me, my Shy Orphan Alfredo, even if you deeply need JUST STRICTLY maternal care... 
If you could read my thoughts, I think I would have to apologize literally after every night… 
When I offer you fantasies about us, I just want to find excuse for my own night dreams… 
Before you fall asleep, Shy Orphan, feel free to imagine I’m there with you, giving you tenderly stroking massage… 
It’s a pity I can’t phone you and tell how cozy you make me feel Kitten Al. Especially today when I know you're OK. 
By the way, I feel very comfortable when Al has (or acts?) the habits of an ordinary guy… 
After Al as ordinary guy in Needle Park (is this character close to his life in South Bronx?), Michael seems to be SUCH A CONTRAST...
This evening I don’t have much time. I’ve spent it on watching the great dialogues of Michael Corleone and Hyman Roth (Lee Strasberg).
My shy Al, despite dark glasses, your BEAUTIFUL eyes seem to be quite optimistic (zoom in on computer not phone). 
If you don’t mind, My Kitten Al, I’ll keep watching The Godfather and thinking about your life. I miss you every minute of my life...
But you still really need a lot of DAILY care - tenderly stroking massage and warm footbaths, My Shy Orphan Al. 
I'm happy that these years you've got revived, and deep nervous tension in your orphaned soul got some relief...
Kitten Al, did you drink (in 1960s-1970s-1980s) because theater couldn’t compensate for the lack of maternal warmth? 
If I lived in LA, I would have this... Love you, My Cute Kitten Alfredo. 
For the mature Al Pacino: don't forget you can trust me if you feel pain. I love you. I really want to take care of you.
The young Al Pacino helps me better understand how unprotected and vulnerable the mature Al Pacino's orphaned soul is.
I don't want the mature Al Pacino to feel jealousy that I pay so much attention to the young Al Pacino - I REALLY LOVE YOU AT ANY AGE, AL!
Somehow, knowing about your recent revival, Al, I just don't dare to look at Michael Corleone's eyes, but I enjoy his voice...
It's Monday (no longer weekend) and so I don't have much free time - let me continue watching The Godfather saga...
I want you to feel as comfortable as possible, Kitten Al. Please don't hide the issues that make you feel pain (in soul or in body).
Does your rotator cuff pain still hurt, my shy Alfredo? If you have physical pains, feel free to imagine that I help you (with massage).
Don’t be shy of appearing in public more often, My Kitten Al – I NEED to know you’re feeling well… 
It’s really precious to me that you’re feeling optimistic, my Charming Kitten Alfredo. It makes me feel happy… 
Although deeply in my soul I don’t consider what I feel for Al Pacino as being “star-struck”. To me it’s being in love...
I hide my passion for Al from the people outside my family, because it’s sort of shameful to be such a deep “star-struck” (Pegeen’s word).
When I’m offered blind dates I feel like Natalie (Me Natalie, 1969). I’ll never meet there Al. That's why I refuse. 
A pal of my childhood sent me birthday congrats. She asked if I’ve got a boyfriend. I said: no and it’s not important to me...
I always zoom in your photos, Al, and hide your smile (with my hand) in order to see if your eyes REALLY smile. They surely do.
Maybe we should buy Barry Levinson’s house in Connecticut. In order to make of it a love nest… 
You’re finally back, my Shy Kitten... I waited for you to appear in public again.

To be more serious, it’s a really great film to watch on such a day (it’s Sunday here): the theme of family, great acting performances...
No wonder, Al Pacino didn’t want to play in The Godfather. He felt something would be wrong about this movie...
For all these 12 years The Godfather has been such a trap. I’m forced to make myself focus on the mafia theme. In order to avoid something.
I think I’ll do as I often do – starting with the Part I and SKIPPING Apollonia… 
There is also the Part III, where Michael (still unhappy) returns in his memories to the love of his virgin…

But I don’t really want to start with the Part II, where Michael is so unhappy that it breaks my heart… 
I REALLY want to watch The Godfather. Without facing the uncomfortable subject of a virgin’s love… 
Yesterday I just wanted to say that I’ve grown up keeping in the heart my love for Al Pacino. He has brought me up (like one more parent).
Maybe I should have made a research devoted to Richard III. But anyway in 2014 I left the postgraduate studies and found a great job.
The only good memory was the prophetic word “scholar” (at Columbia or Harvard, according to the quote). 
Al Pacino looked cool as a professor of university. In 2011 I finished the university and started postgraduate studies which was a mistake.
But the time was going on... I finished school and entered the university (2006). It brought me new dreams… 
One of my favorite scenes in the film – look at the firm expression in his beautiful dark eyes. Like in the 1970s… 
And I was damn happy that Will Dormer met a schoolgirl having my name – Tanya (my short name) and even pronounced that. It was nice.
I was a schoolgirl (before the university time) when the noble Will Dormer in Insomnia cared so much about Alaska schoolgirls’ safety...
I miss the true hero of my 15 years old (2004). His attempts to understand a young girl’s way of thinking… 
And be careful, while asking Oscar Wilde to send you a virgin obsessed with her love for you. He can actually do. 
Next time you ask God to send you some abstract beloved, don’t forget to say “intelligent” about her, Al. 
That’s why I love so much Looking for Richard (1996): I can ask ANY question, and the film will answer it. 
And so being “young enough to believe in Richard’s rap” (as Al wished in Looking for Richard), I shouldn’t reproach myself of immaturity.
Who knows? Maybe my existence is a sort of God’s answer to Al’s wish about Lady Anne: “As young as you can get...” 
I love not only the young Al Pacino, but also the mature Al Pacino, but he makes me feel SHY of my immaturity and my lack of intelligence.
WARNING: You’re mistaken, Kitten Al, if you think I love you only in your “younger” version… 
Since I’m too shy to deal with guys... YOU will be my boyfriend, Shy Orphan Alfredo. 
Shy Kitten Al, since you’re a professional teacher of acting, I offer you a job. Be my anti-shyness coach: public speaking, etc.
Famous documentary on Al’s life (that I once watched in English) re-voiced in Russian which makes me feel relaxed:

Al Pacino’s pain shouldn’t be a subject for fun or for dangerous risk while filming movie scenes – I disapprove it, Kitten Al.
I hope it’s a stuntman who falls off stage instead of Simon Axler. And actually, I wouldn’t let Al fall while taking the suitcase (1:37).
Moment 1:24 – actually Pegeen says “star-struck” (not “star’s truck” as I thought before and it didn’t make sense).

In other words, I know and love you for a long time - if you have some pains (in body or in soul) trust me and feel free to inform me Al.
At which point did I stop? I love you for 12 years, Al, but I know you for 47 years (since 1968). 
Sorry, I was interrupted by my birthday home dinner (family party). It’s Saturday here and we celebrate today because Friday was work day.
Whatever you think, kitten Al, I have the right to give you REAL care after all these 12 years of my love for you (since 2003).
By the way, I really like your deep-in-thought face in the photo... but let’s return to your pain: you need tenderly stroking warm massage.
“The pain of a longstanding rotator cuff injury” – let me take REAL care of you, Al. Break the wall between us. 
It hurts me that you’re hiding from me the physical pains you have, my poor kitten Al.

Do you want to congratulate me on my 26th birthday, my dear Alfredo? Love you and miss you really much… 
Guess who’s going to be my birthday cake. Or rather my birthday kitten ;-) 
On the other hand, we could secretly exchange the most private emails, but if you don’t like the idea, it’s perfectly okay, Alfredo.
Of course, I’ll perfectly understand and won’t be hurt, if you don’t do. The main is that you’re feeling well, Al, which I hope is true...
To share your ideas about love (or congratulate me on my birthday) join me anonymously on Facebook, Kitten Al:

“When you really want love you will find it waiting for you” – was it an art lesson by Al Pacino (I HOPE SO) or the tweet author’s idea?
It had the note “Artlessonsfrommaestro Al Pacino. I'll never forget 2day. When you really want love you will find it waiting for you”.
Feels like walking with Al and listening to his words - without being noticed by him… 
I didn’t mean just 1 day. On my birthday I promise to take care of how I look ever since. By the way, I found a tweet with Al’s photo.
On my 26th birthday I promise to take more care of my appearance. I want to be beautiful. For you, shy Kitten Al. 
It's Thursday evening here. I'll have my birthday tomorrow. Maybe I should watch again the dress-up scenes of Bruno and Luana.
Familiar to me since I was a kid, Bruno and Luana made me appreciate WHAT I FEEL FOR YOU, AL.

If you remember, in December when I tried to forget my shy kitten Al (it was stupid, I know), I rediscovered the telenovela O Rei Do Gado.
Unlike the work days, at the weekends I usually have enough time to express all my tenderness for you, Alfredo. 
Love you really much and miss you every day, shy orphan Al. But I'm really tired in the evenings (like now). Sorry. 
Respectively, if you knew my private email, Al, you'd be free to secretly ask me any questions. No one would ever know about this.
Kitten Alfredo, I wouldn't browse the web for hours every day, worrying about you, if I knew your private email...
Waking up today in the morning, I wanted to put my head on Al's chest (instead of the pillow) and keep sleeping but it was impossible...
I wish I could kiss you at least on the cheek. I would caress you with maternally tender massage every night, my orphaned kitten Alfredo...
My dear Al, it's the evening here and I feel tired. Let me have some rest: maybe I'll watch some of your films. 
In other words, I miss you my Shy Orphan. Sorry, since the winter vacation is over, now I work and that’s why I have less free time...
Besides, living together, we'd celebrate my 26th birthday (Friday this week). Maybe we would have romantic dinner at home.
It would be great to come back after work, knowing that this evening you’re waiting for me at home. Love you much Alfredo.
When I feel tired after work I miss you really much, my Shy Kitten Al. I wish I lived with you. 
And so I'm absolutely serious when I say that I really like and respect your idealistic views, Kitten Al. 
The noble spirit I feel inside you, Al, helps me overcome my fears... 
I've even had a bath. Just want to be beautiful for you, Shy Kitten Alfredo, even if you can't see me...
Al Pacino's caressing eyes and his words "Pretty hair" from Any Given Sunday made me brush my hair.
Actually, I was going to talk about your recent revival, Shy Orphan Alfredo. I hope you're feeling well these days. Miss you much...
It's untrue - I don't think I have pretty hair, my shy Kitten Al. 
In the scene (see my screen photo) Al has really beautiful eyes, but the feeling of his presence (with me in my room) is just illusion.
I've put the DVD cover on the right. So you can see how the name "Al Pacino" is spelled in Russian...
You know... Frank in Sea of Love didn't impress me. I came back to Tony D'Amato and to the idea of Al's revival. 
I'm having such a fast Pacino movie marathon because today (it's Sunday here) is the last day of my New Year vacation. Tomorrow I'll work.
Scarface or Sea Of Love? I've already watched all the scenes with Tony D'Amato and Mandy (and I don't like cruel sport games).
And a few years ago it seemed to be impossible to revive Al Pacino: inch by inch, all his life had to be won back...
Today I'm going to celebrate Al's recent revival with Tony D'Amato. Any Given Sunday is a film about doing the impossible...
Ironically, I've found the necessary words just these days. Well, my brain is probably still in development...
I think I noticed your knight-like qualities, Al, already in 2004 when I was 15 years old and I had a crush on Will Dormer (Insomnia).
Sorry, if I sound naive or immature. By the way, I really appreciate romantic idealism... 
The golden rules of Al Pacino's earlier movies (idealistic values, sense of justice, search for true love) DO work for his recent roles.
Manglehorn has idealistic love for Clara while Danny Collins idealistically reviews his past (as if he could find Lennon's letter earlier).
I guess Simon just found a wrong (not really idealistic) partner for building his new world... 
Simon Axler is trying to take the magic of idealistic theater world to real life but it doesn't work...

Well, no wonder ;-) I ended up being a lonely old maid who comforts herself with the help of Frankie and Johnny, 1991.
And I really admire this, because I'm deeply idealistic (brought up by romantic telenovelas - as a kid, I thought true love is reality).
Policemen, journalists, advocates, Shakespeare's characters, gangsters with human features - in cinematography you're a true knight...
Another thing that shows your idealism, Al - you've often chosen to play people who became victims in their great fight for justice...
Please be careful, Kitten Al - people with idealistic idea of true love (even if they hide it) have very fragile hearts and suffer much...
Does the film Frankie And Johnny deal with your idealistic views about true love (just like Looking For Richard)? 
"Chances like this don't come along often. You gotta take them, because if you don't, they're gone forever" (Frankie and Johnny, 1991)
Would you push me away, if I put my head on your chest, Kitten Al? It took me several hours of hesitation to dare to say that...
Without the theater makeup, Kitten Al (with his shirt unbuttoned till the last button) would look charming… 
Oh what a picture... I wish I could spend my time with Al this way, but it’d be too good to be true, right? 
By the way, I still remember that you need maternally caressing massage (tenderly stroking touch), Kitten Alfredo. Love you really much...
Because sometimes the dream (or illusion) of a magical connection between two soulmates brings some relief in life. 
You know, if you really have (or had) idealistic views about true love, I appreciate this, Kitten Al. 
But the main is that you didn't give up on your life and survived in the 1960s, Shy Orphan Alfredo.

I'm happy you didn't give up on your life in the 1980s, Kitten Al. Otherwise, you wouldn't have seen the 2010s... 
As usually, the 1980s got most of my attention because it's the time of troubles such as the failure of Revolution, drinking, break ups...
But as for Al's depression in the past, I wish I knew more. Yesterday I was reading his 2 biographies by Larry Grobel and by Andrew Yule.
Thanks to God, now I shouldn't worry about Al Pacino because these years satisfaction is shining in his eyes:

Me too, I see love in the idealistic way (due to my age I guess) and I can imagine how the reality destroys your most cherished hopes...
If it's true, Al, then you've probably suffered damn much. And you especially did in the 1980s and 1990s while getting mature...
After watching Looking For Richard in 2011, I think that Al has (or had before his depression in the 1990s) idealistic views about love...
Even though you would probably refuse to be my first man, you're anyway the first man I've ever loved, Kitten Al! 
Shy Kitten Alfredo is really charming. He has a sort of kindness in his eyes. 
Christmas/New Year trees behind Al mean the holiday season. But I’m not sure whether the photos belong to this year or previous ones.
The dreamy Kitten Alfredo thinks no one sees him because he’s plunged into his thoughts. I want so much to grab him...
It's my secret pleasure to see Al travelling all over the night city with sincere fire in his beautiful eyes. 
Actually, the selfie on Terry Pheto’s Instagram is NOT the only photo of Al Pacino that I found yesterday.
Of course, you have the right to refuse but if you accept, Al, I would surround you with tenderness and warmth... 
And I'm a bit worried - I don't want to stay shy and single by my 30 years old. I wish you were my first man, Al. 
I've deleted some posts, but actually it's true that in 4 years I'll be 30 years old... 
I wouldn't behave like a fool ;-) if I knew exactly where you are living these days, my Shy Kitten Alfredo... 
Terry Pheto has posted on her Instagram (Jan 4, 2015) her selfie with Al Pacino at Sunset Tower Hotel. It's LA, right?
Where are you Kitten Alfredo? I thought you're enjoying life in South America. That's why I was a bit jealous and quite violent. Sorry Al.
I feel confused: I've just found some FRESH photos of Al that DON'T seem to have been taken at Punta Del Este...
If you had agreed to be my first man, Al, I would have finally become an adult woman, a more mature person...
I feel a sort of envy at this point. For thousands of times I hinted that I want Al Pacino to be my first man. He's never reacted...
When Luana suggested that Bruno should become her first man, he refused. When she suggested this again, he agreed...
Kitten Al, what do YOU think about MY future? By the way, do you like Bruno and Luana from "O Rei Do Gado"? 
This month I'll be 26 years old. I hope in a couple of years (if not now) I'll finally meet a man who'd take part in my personal growth...
On the other hand, I feel the necessity to be realistic. Anyway, in this life I need an older (than me) protective and reliable man...
Me too, I'm shy, Al. You know, we could take care of each other. Like Bruno and Luana...
But even if Al really knew about my feelings for him, he would be TOO SHY, and so he wouldn't contact me...
Sometimes I want to feel on my cheek the encouraging caress of a man's hand - Al's hand...
I guess deeply in my heart I really need the image (dream or illusion, at least) of an older (than me) man who'd “take care” of me...
Anyway, DON’T worry, Al. I’ll accept any decision of yours. Besides, Bruno and Luana are REALLY cheering me up these days...
Now let’s return to the point that worries me: I can’t catch (Buenos Aires, Punta Del Este, etc.) if it’d be better to forget Al or not...
Maybe later I’ll post some other scenes of the telenovela that has become my inspiration these days. I hope the videos are visible to you.
Moment 7:00 - Luana finds her beloved Bruno after he’s believed to be dead:

Of course, the relationship of Bruno and Luana is NOT all about dresses, there are REALLY MANY scenes of their mutual tenderness...
I guess I’ll watch again the “dress up” scenes of Bruno and Luana on my birthday, to inspire myself to take care of my appearance...
Moment 0:14 - Bruno looks like a dad when he convinces Luana not to give up on her new look:

Moment 4:18 - Luana returns from the beauty salon that she has visited because of Bruno’s desire:

Moment 2:18 - Bruno says to Luana that she's beautiful and explains that she just needs some make-up:

Moment 0:12 - Bruno makes the shy girl Luana buy new dresses:

Moment 9:22 - Luana wears the first dress that Bruno has bought for her:

Moment 0:51 - Bruno asks Luana if it was she who covered him with blanket at night:

My maternal emotions for men (including Bruno) clearly come from my affection for Al Pacino: should I forget him or not?
Moment 11:18 - Luana covers Bruno with blanket when he sleeps:

Moment 6:00 - Luana convinces Bruno to eat when he’s depressed:

Just want to show you SOME (not all) of my favorite scenes of O Rei Do Gado. By the way, I don’t think you’ll ever find it in English...
I watch King of Cattle (O Rei Do Gado) in the Russian-voiced version which is somehow a bit shorter than the original...
Any telenovela contains a huge number of parts because it’s counted to be shown on TV every evening during at least 1 year.
But the main is Bruno's general (really caring) attitude for Luana - the way he protects her and tries to teach her different things...
In January I'll turn 26 years old. I wish I could be more feminine. My heart tenderly melts when Bruno makes Luana wear elegant dresses.
I really love the scenes where Bruno encourages Luana, caresses her and says she's beautiful. I have no one to tell me this...
I’m sort of getting from Bruno all the care and tenderness I once dreamed to get from Al Pacino...
When I see Bruno and Luana now, I realize that maybe the illusion of the relationship with an older man could help me develop as person...
In my childhood I was always shy of my affection for the love stories where the man is older than the girl. I thought it's infantilism...
O Rei Do Gado, 1996 - I decided to return to this telenovela of my childhood and I’m still feeling charmed.

But when I saw Antonio Fagundes’s eyes (the moment 1:10 of the trailer) it made me suddenly recall the love story of Luana and Bruno...
Terra Esperanza was supposed to help me forget The Godfather (namely Michael and Apollonia):

I was really depressed by my own self-hurting decision to forget Al. And so I was watching the old telenovelas of my childhood...
This beautiful fan-made clip is the first video with Bruno and Luana that I’ve seen (17 years after I saw this telenovela on TV as a kid).
My current obsession is Bruno and Luana from King of Cattle (O Rei Do Gado, 1996):

My absence was another awkward attempt to forget Al Pacino. I’m still not sure whether I should forget him or not...
And so when I feel profound loneliness in my soul, I come to the fictional Richard and try to warm up under his wing...
The fictional Richard III warms me up with his love and tender care, while Al will never come to me. Life is not a fairy tale...
Just like Looking for Richard (my love revival), Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien will be a source to which I’ll return again and again...
When I listen to Al and imagine how it felt for Anne to hear her beloved Richard’s voice right next to her, I think it kept her shy...
In the morning before going to work I enjoyed hearing your voice, Shy Orphan Al:

While I worry if Al could like Anne O’Brien’s book for young girls, Al actually likes even the films for kids (Guardians of the Galaxy).
Of course, YOUR Richard is very considerate and caring too, Al. 
I’m deeply grateful for patience and tenderness, for love and care... even though all this looks like a romantic novel about knights.
I perfectly understand that the level of Richard’s care about Anne in the book is unrealistically high. And yet I’m deeply grateful...
I think Anne O’Brien quite plausibly shows the reactions of a young girl (Lady Anne) to Richard’s kisses, a woman inside her wakes up...
Richard meets (and kisses) Anne at different stages of their lives: as kids-friends, teens in love, man and woman after hard separation...
If your beloved is far, it doesn’t mean he doesn’t care – the main life lesson I’ve got in the novel Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien...
I work for a whole day and then need time for reading (and thinking about my love for you Al). May I go back to the book? Love you Al.
But Richard seems to be determined to protect her and her interests (in front of Clarence).
At some point I thought Richard in Anne O'Brien's book would reject Lady Anne for being such a naive kid...
In the novel Richard has much patience and many other adult qualities. Just like someone I admire. 
In general, reading the book I recognize in Anne's immaturity my own immaturity and I feel shame for that...
Now I read the pages where the King Edward and his wife are trying to convince the widow Anne to accept Richard's marriage proposal...
I forgot to say, of course I ADMIT that my opinion about Al Pacino’s RECENT expressions of the eyes (in his photos) is just my illusion...
Now I’m reading the marriage of Lady Anne and Edward. Can’t wait for Richard to save her. Let me go back to reading. LOVE you Kitten Al...
And so you won’t read with me Anne O’Brien’s book about Richard III and Lady Anne, right? 
I know Al, due to your high level of intelligence and maturity, you read serious books – not the novels about young girls...
This is how, being a stupid ass, I’ve finally guessed what I should finally say here. Besides, I love you and miss you, Shy Orphan Al.
Lady Anne in the book made me think that Richard would be happy to know that she holds dear her memories about his eyes...
Zoom in. You can still feel the softness addressed to a kid (immature person, probably young) on whose understanding Al may count...
The sad honesty about your lonely state… 
I also appreciate your sad honesty, Kitten Alfredo… 
In other words, this kind of “hallucinations” about the sweet expressions in Kitten Al's eyes keep me going already for 2 years...
These years Al Pacino’s photo sessions remind me of the encouraging sight I once dreamed of and still need... 
Encouraging someone (zoom in) who’s most probably a bit immature (young and stupid). Perhaps a female. Certainly not the photographer.
Sometimes Shy Kitten Al’s eyes expression seems to be very soft and even encouraging… 
In the photo Al Pacino clearly “sees” (instead of the camera) someone whose speech he’s ready to listen to for a whole eternity...
I mean the tender and caressing expression in Al’s eyes… 
Al uses one of his eyes expressions (serious) for all occasions (related to cinema, theater, etc.) and the other for photo sessions...
It’s been a long time (actually, about 2 years) that I notice Al Pacino has at least two main expressions of his eyes...
In the book at the hardest moments of her life Lady Anne recalls the sight of Richard. I recall the eyes of Al. Let me confess a bit...
I hope the Russian translation is trustworthy. In the end Richard III, Lady Anne, their son and Anne’s mother live happily in Middleham...
And now I’m reading since the beginning till the first night of love (and further if I want to read the happy endings again).
You know, I’ve firstly read the book since the first night of love of Richard III and Lady Anne till the end (to see if it’s a happy end).
One day I recalled that my native language ;-) is Russian and of course the Russian version (of whatever) is always free on the web.
For months I couldn’t figure out how to read the full book Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien (Google Books give only separate sheets for free).
I mean I kind of owe REALLY MUCH to Richard III and Lady Anne. They’re symbols of love, even more than Romeo&amp;Juliet or Lancelot&amp;Guinevere.
It happened in March 2011. And 2 months later (in May 2011) I started to write about my love for Al on the web… 
The love story of Richard III and Lady Anne brings me back to the day when Al Pacino’s Richard III and Lady Anne revived my love for him...
Feel free to imagine my hand touch on your skin, Al. One day, I’ll finally give you tender massage… 
It brings me a sort of deep satisfaction, Shy Orphan Al, when I imagine how I convince you to take off your shirt and lie face down...
Because of my yesterday hesitations, at night I felt guilty in front of you Kitten Al. And so I imagined giving you really tender massage.
Sorry for the quality. And thanks for the unbuttoned shirt… 
Isabel (Lady Anne’s older sister) feels very realistic to me because I have the older sister. I just don’t have any Richard. Except Al.
The friendship of Francis Lovell, Richard Plantagenet and Anne Neville as kids makes me “live again” my childhood in a less shy way...
I think it’s the consequence of my own very shy childhood where I had one or two female pals but never tried to contact boys...
Richard and Anne made me realize that my heart melts of the stories where the man and the woman know each other since childhood...
In August 2003 when I watched for the first time The Godfather at my 14 years old, my opinion about Al became much higher, of course...
Around 1998, Al Pacino was only my mom’s favorite actor - as for me, I couldn’t stand him for playing a devil that hurt my faith in God...
Because I was around 8-9 years old (a kid) when I read that Al Pacino worked as mailman at 16 years old (a teen). I tried to imagine him…
Even the beginning of Anne O'Brien's book where Richard III and Lady Anne are kids and then teens, doesn’t prevent me from imagining Al.
It hurts to see in the younger Al's eyes the pain that the mature Al has almost managed to overcome. See his eyes:

Because while reading Virgin Widow by Anne O’Brien I anyway imagine YOU, Al, as Richard Plantagenet... 
Don’t feel jealous that Richard III by Anne O’Brien is a bit younger than your Richard III in Looking for Richard, my shy Kitten Alfredo.
When Richard says something tender to Anne (in both Shakespeare and Anne O'Brien) I wonder if you could say to me the same, Kitten Al.
Richard III and Lady Anne Neville always return my feelings to you... 
I'm okay, Kitten Alfredo. I love you much. The Russian translation of Virgin Widow by Anne O'Brien is saving my mood...
I’ve been in love with your eyes in this photo already for two days, Al… 
Like this interview ;-) too:

Fabulous interview:

I know I’m quite unexperienced in life... on the other hand, I want NO other man to help me grow and discover the world. Only you, Al.
I DON’T necessarily mean the matter of love relationship, Al - I mean just the subject of contact (friendly communication as the start).
Maybe you have some difficulties (fears, prejudices?) against dealing with virgins, my shy orphaned Kitten Alfredo? 
You played Apollonia’s husband in a very caring and tender way, Al, but then you returned to the theme of virginity only 40 years later...
Tell me, Kitten Al (somehow no journalist has ever asked you this) – how did it feel to play the husband of a virgin? (in The Godfather)
We both are quite shy but I wish you could understand (and comfort) my torture of having unsatisfied first desires… 
Beautiful eyes expression… 
I was going to say that right after the Salome video. Just couldn't dare for a couple of days...
About your Herod in Salome... I think it's a man who should make a virgin naked (she shouldn't do it herself), Al.
Sorry, Kitten Alfredo. It's Monday evening here and I feel very tired after work. But I love you much...
And I REALLY love this portrait... especially the eyes (zoom in on computer, not smartphone). 
And so in order to avoid different love fantasies, I usually try to focus on your orphaned soul, Kitten Alfredo:

PLEASE respect my most recent frankness, my Al, because most of time I’m usually a really shy girl… 
Apparently Al Pacino prefers only theater-inspired (not real, I mean) virgins:

As for Al Pacino, he doesn’t seem to be going to solve the painful muscular tension that I often have these months. Well, that’s life...
Unlike Al Pacino, God knows the sad truth about my life - he knows through what kind of trembling torture I go every night...
You’re such a Kitten in this photo... I’m really in love with this expression of your eyes, Shy Orphan Alfredo. 
I want to ask for total safety for the video. It’s my ONLY chance to see Salome’s dance – and so please no copyright claim, Kitten Al.
I’m afraid you won’t hear from me my impressions today (though they’re MORE POSITIVE than you can imagine) because I feel sort of shy...
It seems that today the Heaven has sent me one more challenge of seeing Al as MAN:

Yesterday in my article I called the love of Richard III and Lady Anne the “ace” of the Heaven in making me accept Al Pacino as MAN...
I mean Al would probably be flattered by my feelings. Despite my low level of intelligence and obvious immaturity. Anyway, I’d be happy...
Al Pacino would probably feel for my articles with love declarations the same as adults usually feel for their kids’ first paintings.
Without your help, Shy Kitten Al, I feel sometimes stupid and confused in my feelings… 
I’ve spent a few hours trying to describe my love for you Al, but I think the resulting article is quite bad:

Instead of taking you to the parties where you feel uncomfortable, I’d remove your loafers, Al, and put your feet into a warm footbath...
No need to delete later some photos from the Instagram profile(s) I follow - I use the button “Print Screen” to save the pictures I like.
My Kitten Al, you look much plunged into your thoughts and melancholic (or dreamy) even at private parties. See Joseph Perez’s Instagram.
It's Friday evening here and I'm really tired after my work. Love you much and miss you My Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. 
Please read (at least sometimes) the essence of my love for you Al. I’ve saved a copy of my initial text.

Now it’s evening here and I feel a bit tired after work. Sorry. Thank you Al for inspiring me to have a higher productivity at work...
I hope you’re truly doing well, Al. It’s nice to see you again… 
Crossing the ocean and stepping on the American ground would mean to me the chance to be close to My Shy Orphan Alfredo...
Don’t worry, Kitten Al. Though it could really help, I know you won’t invite me with a job offer on behalf of your (film-related) company.
One of my colleagues is going to leave our office in order to work in the USA. Good for him! If only I had the chance to go there...
Feel free to imagine I give you tender massage every day, my Orphaned Kitten Alfredo… 
Even though I’ve used in my letter the verb “look”, you should BE&amp;FEEL happy (not only look) Kitten Al:

I sincerely hope you’re really feeling well, Shy Kitten Alfredo… 
My work at the office had a higher productivity today because I was really glad to see the optimistic Al (yesterday in the interview).
But I really love you, Kitten Al. I like your words: “You're in a desert, and there it is: you've found water”. 
Sorry, as the number of tasks at my work grows, on the work days (not weekends) I get really tired and need some rest every evening...
About the life at his home Al says that sometimes a neighbor walks by and waves. If I were your neighbor, Al, I’d visit you every day...
Kitten Alfredo, here your eyes express an accidental optimism or real revival? 
A new interview of Al Pacino:

At night I saw in my sleep Al keeping me in his arms. I got scared (shy) a bit... and ruined everything by waking up.
And so, My Orphaned Kitten Al, now I need some time to have rest after work, to warm up, to drink the hot water with lemon, etc.
About minus 30 degrees of Celsius outside – today I was cold more than Daisy from Revolution… 
“She loved me for the dangers I had passed. And I loved her that she did pity them”. This line of Othello makes me think about Al’s point.
Instead of cherishing in soul the image of the dear beloved, we all should fight for the sake of real and close contact with him/her.
Some of the literature experts believe that Othello rather admired the image of Desdemona than really tried to understand this woman...
Yesterday I was browsing for experts’ opinions about Othello. I think you like Othello, my Shy Orphaned Alfredo...
"Perdition catch my soul but I do love thee! And when I love thee not, chaos is come again..."
Let's play a bit Scent of a Woman... Here's my perfume (with my home robe as background). 
Well, even if the US computers don’t see my Livejournal, I was anyway happy to reexamine in it Al’s photos of 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014...
My Shy Alfredo, I’ve written a letter for you in my Livejournal (I hope the web-article is visible):

I may look immature and even a bit crazy (because Twitter allows SHORT posts only) but I really love you, cute Alfredo, with all my heart.
When Al’s eyes look so peaceful and satisfied, I fall in love with him again and get the desire to grab him and give him tender massage...
I really love that Alfredo Shy Orphan looks such a cute kitten in this photo… 
Kitten Alfredo ;-) my old ideas about you are very IMPORTANT - if my Livejournal is not visible, write to me:

“Al Pacino may need very specific forms of a tactile contact, i.e. frequent manifestations of maternal caress”:

My dream is to give tender stroking massage to Al’s body – I wish I could feel one day my palm on the skin of Kitten Alfredo’s back...
I still believe that Al’s soul (and body) should be healed through a woman’s “maternal initiative” as I called it in my old Livejournal...
I once wrote about “the nervous and muscular tension” (
For this time it’s British guys who will be lucky to see Al Pacino in person… 
The intonation of kitten Al’s “Yes” (the moments 2:05-2:06 of Danny Collins trailer) makes me have goose bumps...

Thank you, Al, for a great “Who-ah!” around the moment 55:36: your Colonel once taught me you need maternal warmth:

It would be great if I was allowed to watch your new films BEFORE watching your interviews devoted to them, my Kitten Alfredo...
I rarely have the impression of “talking” with you Al (such videos are harder to find than your photos). I'm REALLY happy to watch it...
Even though it’s hard to find the tapes of Al’s interviews, today I’ve really got a lot of PLEASURE from this:

Now I’m afraid of taking a wrong path (for example, the one of groundless love fantasy). I should take care of you in MATERNALLY WARM way.
I don’t even ask "why?" because I see the answer in my own stupidity and immaturity... Forgive me Al. 
Kitten Al seems to have a better emotional contact with mature women (Annette Bening, Holly Hunter) than with younger ones (Greta Gerwig).
You look TRULY CUTE, shy Al, while flirting with Annette Bening (I felt relief when I learned she’s married and has 4 children).
In Danny Collins Kitten Al’s acting is amazing... I really enjoy this film trailer:

By the way, I’m not sure if Livejournal (web-service mostly popular in Russia) can be seen by US computers. Write me if you don’t see...
The eternal essence of my feelings for you, my Kitten Alfredo, is expressed here:

Shy Orphan Al, forgive me please for being (for a few months, I guess) such a fool… I should have been more caring. 
Now I almost hate myself - I see that sex fantasies may represent a dangerous ribbon on the eyes, making you stop seeing things clearly.
At 22 years old (2011) I was certainly wiser and tenderer for you, Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo (than I am now):

Apparently, at 25 years old I got a bit too much blinded by seeing in you a man, Al. By my first love fantasies… 
I’m going to keep apologizing to you, My Shy Orphan Al, for a bit losing in the course of time my initial wisdom:

I promise, Shy Orphan Alfredo, I’ll correct my behavior and return to the maternally warm care that you truly need… 
On the other hand, no doubt Al would be very-very tender and delicate... in some situation. 
Reading my old web-diaries, I see it was wise not to be diverted by love fantasies. It should be just maternal… 
I’ve been writing my endless love letters to you for 3 years, My Kitten. I hope you’re feeling well… 
I also like that both Danny Collins and Manglehorn seem to recognize the crucial role of a LETTER in human life. I really appreciate it...
Both Danny Collins and Simon Axler are celebrities – does Al want to show that now he accepts his fame? 
Do you remember after The Godfather success Al Pacino was trying to avoid the fame and to stay himself?

When I read my Livejournal now, I see I’ve recently taken the wrong path (of sex fantasy) instead of being maternally caring... Sorry.
I didn’t read my own Livejournal articles about Al for 3 years, I thought they were stupid and so I kept the journal locked to public...
If you want to check that the author is me, open this article, it has (in its first lines) my Facebook link:

Today I got plunged into my old Livejournal (I hope the web-page is visible to you) and unlocked some articles:

I’d give you tenderly stroking massage and footbath, Shy Orphan Al... Your body and soul need to be carefully wrapped in soft blanket.
While having love dreams about Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, I shouldn’t forget he needs MATERNALLY warm tenderness:

I know I’m too immature for you, Kitten Al, but it’s in YOUR power to make me more adult… 
Maybe I’m very sensitive to Al’s charm because I have no experience in love domain but subconsciously trust him...
When shy Kitten Al suddenly looks sure of himself and sexy, it charms me… 
Alfredo Orphan always had not only shyness but also pain in his eyes... NO ONE can be like him. 
Is it the young Danny Collins? Well, anyway, it’s CERTAINLY NOT Al Pacino in the 1960s-1970s… 
I love these cute albums ;-) not only for their covers but also for their titles… 
Today I’ve discovered the fantastic trailer of Al Pacino’s upcoming film Danny Collins...

Your caring attitude for young ladies (Lady Anne, Daisy in Revolution, etc.) really warms up my heart, Kitten Alfredo...
I get cold every evening, my Kitten Al, when I walk to my bus stop among snow banks and streetlights (in winter it’s dark very soon here).
I like you in Revolution, Al, because in this film you treat very well Daisy who was cold and came to your hut… 
Please take care of yourself and remember that in my imagination I always caress you (with footbaths and tender massage), Shy Alfredo.
Here in Siberia it’s very cold and snowy, I hope your weather is warmer, My Orphaned Kitten Al. 
Sorry for posting such a personal thing - if I knew your email, I’d write it ONLY to you and I'd ask something… 
I’m really charmed by the feeling of sacred intimacy (“church”, “my hands folded as if in prayer”, etc.) in Al’s charming love letter...
Click on the picture below to see the full text. It's from the book Then Again by Diane Keaton:

Oh my God! Kitten Al can write REALLY beautiful love letters… 
You really give me a huge feeling of security every time I need it, My Shy Kitten Alfredo...
I also want to thank you for your delicate ways of treating young ladies… 
I really want to thank you Kitten Alfredo for being a true gentleman (often all in clothes) in love scenes… 
With my great respect for Robert De Niro, I’m happy that Al Pacino is quite shy and never plays in the naughty scenes (see the movie).
My mom, my sister and I have watched today a nice and smart comedy “The Big Wedding”...

The screenshot below is from the film itself - the daughter of Al’s character was reading this story on her computer screen...
Simone 2002 is a film where the DREAM (see the picture) of Al’s character comes true when he finds a computer girl… 
Actually when Anna Pogorilaya turns into a blonde in the middle of her skating, she reminds of Simone (2002)... 
Maybe it was a mistake to talk only about my love – you didn’t see me as a person with many different interests...
For months I thought I should talk here only about what I feel for Al. In order not to divert your attention from my love for him...
Damn... I wish I could be beautiful enough to attract Al Pacino. If he wanted, he would be able to help me to be beautiful for him, right?
When in the middle Anna turns into a blonde, she reminds me ;-) of young Charlize Theron (when I wanted to be her in order to be with Al).
The young Anna Pogorilaya somehow reminds me of Winona Ryder and of my desire to be Al Pacino’s Lady Anne:

In your past, My Kitten, you became an orphan and got a deep soul injury… 
Al Pacino gives me all I need at the same time: deep emotions, inner soul flight feeling, interest for the past. For HIS Past and Present.
Usually, music responds to my deep emotions, figure skating – to my inner soul flight feeling, archeology – to my interest for the past...
Since I’m known mostly as Al Pacino’s fan, it feels strange and fresh when I talk about other things (and my daily impressions) right?
My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo, sorry for talking today about archeology, figure skating, music, etc. 
I forgot to say I really admire Plushenko despite the habit of foreign TV reporters to criticize everything Russian...
One day I finally saw Muhtesem Yuzyil best soundtracks on the ice - Alisa Agafonova and Alper Ucar:

I dreamed for more than a year to see my fav Muhtesem Yuzyil (see the video) in figure skating...

To me, figure skating (since I don’t skate myself) symbolizes the spiritual human freedom rather than physical one...
You know ;-) by loving Al Pacino I get the same high speed ecstatic pleasure as Evgeni Plushenko from high speed skating on the ice...
For Evgeni Plushenko the Godfather is a bit too slow music ;-) so he mixed it with something else:

I believe in the chance of reviving any man after I saw Al’s revival: 
But I firmly believe that a May female can turn a December man into a revived March, or even April, or warmer...
I’ve probably inherited the interest for May-December love stories directly from my mom... And she likes this dance too, by the way.
Totmianina is a pro skater, while Kuchera is just a film actor. If you don’t see the video, try this (since 59:14):

I didn’t manage to find it on YouTube, but I found one more Godfather by Russians (watch since 1:18):

When the figure skater “Apollonia” was “dying” in the arms of the skater “Michael”, the other male skaters (“mafia”) took off their hats...
The Godfather by Haven Denney and Brandon Frazier has reminded me of fantastic Russian figure skating I once saw: woman and a few men...
I actually adore when my favorite melodies get taken to figure skating because I love both of these domains: MUSIC and FIGURE SKATING...
The Godfather by American skaters Haven Denney and Brandon Frazier made my evening yesterday:

I never practiced archeology and figure skating, but I tried music and I can almost play The Godfather (electric piano with violin sound).
And I also didn’t become an archeologist because it’s both low-paid (here) and physically hard... but I always admire these 3 domains.
I didn’t become a musician because it’s low-paid (here), didn’t become a figure skater because it requires a really good physical shape...
Archeology, music and figure skating – I feel for these three domains the same as Al Pacino feels for baseball: I wish I had been in it...
About what happens at my work: I got promoted at the very moment when I expected to be fired. And then I had some really crazy days...
I want the man I love to embrace me protectively and cheer me up (after work) at least sometimes... you won't understand, My Shy Alfredo.
Sorry, today I feel tired after work and depressed because you’ll never contact me. And yet I love you much… 
Sorry, these days I’m very busy at the office. Anyway, whatever I write, my Al, you won’t feel fully enough how much I miss you...
Seeing your cute sincere smile is the best relief to my heart when I worry about you, My Orphaned Kitten Al. I wish I could talk with you.
I’m happy to see you’re doing well My Shy Kitten Al:

Whatever I write, it won't fully express how much I long for you, how much I want to really take care of you, my shy Al.
I love you Alfredo My Shy Orphaned Kitten. Why wouldn't you surrender yourself to my love and care? 
At ANY AGE of you, you're still a tender kitten, Alfredo... I want to take care of you. Day and night. ALWAYS.
I REALLY have very warm feelings for you, Al, even though my love declarations sound immature and awkward.
I'd be damn grateful to the life, if one day it finally gave me a chance to talk with Al Pacino...
Love you and miss you REALLY MUCH, Alfredo. I want you to know it, even though now I'm going to be busy. Sorry... 
You’re sort of MY Beatrice, Kitten Alfredo... (in the photo Beatrice’s image is right behind him) 
Even Wikipedia somehow wants to remind me of Al Pacino (by Beatrice’s image from his Chinese Coffee):

When I listen to From Souvenirs To Souvenirs by Demis Roussos I want to get drunk because of my unrequited love for Al Pacino...
Al Pacino lives in my heart, while Joe Dassin, ABBA, and some others live in my music player...

Don’t expect good reviews on Al... in this world of rap, hip hop, blood&amp;violence in films, and all sorts of modern garbage-like “culture”.
I want to see (in the order from greater impatience to lesser): China Doll, Manglehorn, The Humbling, Wilde Salome, Salome, Danny Collins.
Of all men, I want only you ;-) at ANY AGE of you My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo… 
And yet I want to do a reading of Hello Out There with you Al, to make you realize Emily wasn’t going to have any other man in her life...
Emily in Hello Out There talking with a Russian accent would be too much funny, right? 
If you want me to respect our age gap Alfredo, I can refuse love ideas in the favor of maternal care. Until you tell me to get them back...
I have a fragile hope that being tired and sleepy Kitten Al finally wouldn’t mind tender stroking (or his pillow adjusting) from my side.
I often wake up at nights, worried about Al Pacino. I wish he was sleeping on the second side of my sofa bed. To always know if he’s ok...
After Hello Out There I want to read America Hurrah by J.-C.Van Itallie and Awake and Sing by C.Odets, but can’t find the texts now...
And so I’m not sure if you’d actually like me, Al, if you saw me – anyway, we could be AT LEAST just friends. I’d take care of you ALWAYS.
Saroyan is right, I’m “a plain girl in plain clothes” (not one of those glam ladies you got used to, Al). 
As for me, I’m dealing with cosmic magic ;-) on November 9, 2014:

“You won't know what will happen unless you try...” - it's your horoscope, Al (for November 9, 2014):

How can I ease/heal your inner tension (or shyness), my shy orphan Alfredo? 
Sometimes I get afraid, Al, that you may actually have low self-esteem level... Or a tendency for self-destruction. 
I feel a bit worried, despite some (rare) optimistic photos of you from the AARP event… 
On the other hand, I don't insist - just please NEVER feel depressed and NEVER give up, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo. Love you much...
Hello Out There is amazing - Al's character learns to trust a girl's voice and then wants to SEE her - I wish Al wanted to see me one day.
Photo-Finish even admits that he'd recognize Emily if he met her earlier. Emily: "Well, who would I be?" Photo-Finish: "Mine, that's who".
Me too, I keep asking myself what Al would think about me if one day he saw me. Photo-Finish found Emily a "pretty kid".
Emily (Hello Out There) described as "plain girl in plain clothes" is a bit shy to appear in front of Photo-Finish (I understand her).
I like that Emily appears in the life of Photo-Finish firstly as just a voice that shares his loneliness, the voice he trusts...
Sorry for everything I’ve done wrong. Relax, My Kitten, in my mind I always take care of you… 
If you don’t tell me what’s wrong (in my actions, right?), I’ll never manage to correct it - I really want to be with you. ALWAYS...
If you long for a maternally warm touch, imagine I'm caressing your cheek My Orphaned Baby Alfredo… 
If you like, Dear Kitten Alfredo, my feelings for you will only be maternally caring... 
If you don’t like my romantic (almost sensual) hints – I’ll stop them Al. Just please don’t feel sad My Shy Orphan… 
I’ve seen depression in your eyes, My Dearest Creature. How can I help you? 
I wish I could grab Al right from this event, take him to my home, hold him in my arms, wrap him in soft cozy blanket and talk with him…
If you’re feeling bad, please DON’T BE SHY and write to me Alfredo:

I’m feeling sad and worried because you seem to BE DEPRESSED, My Kitten Al… 
You've had such a hard life of a lonely orphan... why wouldn't you use your time for relaxation? 
My Beautiful Shy Kitten Alfredo, I wish I could take care of you… 
So, now I can offer you only my usual care: footbaths, tender stroking massage, and wrapping you in blanket, Alfredo Shy Orphan...
Because, you know, people usually say “After you speak your dream aloud, it never comes true...” but I WANT it to come true...
Even if you wanted to know, Al, I wouldn’t tell you what I saw in my sleep… 
Sorry, Shy Orphan Al, I forgot you haven’t seen it ;-) so I have nothing to worry about. Love you and miss you MUCH...
By the way ;-) as a true gentleman, Al, you should forget everything I saw about us in my sleep last night… 
I hope you really enjoy the era of smartphones, Kitten Al – I hope one day you’ll find my Twitter. If you haven’t done it yet...
''Smartphones that's the new world. Believe it or not I lived in another world a while back”

I wonder if my love challenging the Time (half a century) and language barrier (I think in Russian, actually) can overcome the Distance?
You know, in my childhood I dreamed to have a great love story, but I couldn’t expect a love with the magic to overcome 50 years...
But my dream is not about the FULL-LIGHTED classrooms of Actors Studio. It’s rather about the SEMI-DARK room of Al (as super in tenement).
Maybe Al hints he could have some fantasies about him and me ;-) contacting each other at the same age. Me too, I have such fantasies...
Why Al keeps saying this year he was 25 (26 in other sources!) years old while entering Actors Studio? Is he adjusting his age to mine?
Compare the revived eyes of Al Pacino and his generally depressed state at the time of Looking for Richard… 
Don’t worry, Al, I’m sure if I one day you found a girl able to revive you, she would certainly stay with you FOREVER... I wish it was me.
Looks like he feels concerned (and a bit sad?) about losing his girl... (it’s another second of the same moment). 
Reaction of Al’s eyes to his own words “I will not keep her long” (sorry for the vague hand). 
Yesterday I was watching Looking for Richard (so “unexpected” from my side, right?) and saw a nuance I had never noticed before...
Just love when the optimistic fire of Al Pacino’s eyes shines through his sunglasses… 
When two shy creatures get in touch, they both learn to be more daring, right Al? I’d really take care of you (footbaths, massage, etc).
If I met Al Pacino in person... I’d shut up and get blushed (did he ever read my love fantasies about him?).
“I've been around just too damn long and people just know you. It's because people grew up with you”. Right, Al. I lived with you 11 years.
“There would have been some crazy photographs ;-) of him if smartphones had existed in the 70s at the height of his partying” – ha-ha!
I really love Al’s vision of smartphones: ''(Smartphones) that's the new world. Believe it or not I lived in another world a while back…”
I also like this article (they both seem to be from November issue of magazine Loaded):

It’s funny ;-) what Al says about his name pronunciation in this interview:

I could have caressed you, Alfredo My Kitten, for all these 11 years that I love you. But I’m not complaining. I’m anyway HAPPY...
Every day WITHOUT Al Pacino is like a day stolen from our (I mean, Al’s and mine) potential time TOGETHER...
Seeing Al Pacino in good mood ;-) What can be better? 
I mean I could really take care of you, my Alfredo. In my usual way: footbaths, massage, etc. 
My Shy Orphan Al... would you like to enjoy your time in a more private way (wearing something casual, of course)?
I bet the only thing that Al Pacino truly appreciates in Hollywood parties is the chance to talk with his longtime friends-actors...
Would you like to stop being the prisoner of Dolce&amp;Gabbana suits and glam parties, Al?
I guess it would be pleasant to belong to you, my shy orphan Alfredo... 
I'll never know how it feels to belong (both with my soul and body) to the man I love. Because you're too shy, My Charming Orphan Alfredo.
I wish I had a gift (talent) to make Al relaxed. I hold dear every revived (sincere and happy) expression of his eyes...
I'm an ordinary girl with a job, but if only I could, my main life activity would be to bring relaxation to Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo...
I never feel being too far from Al Pacino - I always keep him in my heart: whether I'm at work, with my family or alone...
You're charming My Shy Orphan Al. I really like the unbuttoned shirt and smartphone (held carefully in hands – I wish I could touch them).
Al Pacino looks cute and a bit fragile when he’s plunged in his thoughts… 
I wish our comfort was mutual. I’d REALLY try to bring much relaxation to Alfredo Shy Kitten: by offering him care - footbaths, massage...
I believe your instincts of gentleman would manage to relax me... if I get shy, my Kitten Al. 
Being with Al, I wouldn’t have to feel shame for involuntary breath-cuts and subconscious breath holding… 
I wish I lived with Al. Living at my parents’ home, I’m afraid of betraying (with sounds) at night what I usually see in my sleep.
I would do everything for Kitten Al - yeah, as usually ;-) footbaths, massage, and real care about Shy Orphan Alfredo...
I want to return to the subject of Al’s communication with young women... Why it's NEVER me, my shy kitten Alfredo? 
Photo with Gabrielle Anwar. I wish I could embrace Al like that... I mean TODAY. 
It’s a nice photo Alfredo My Charming Kitten… 
As pretext to get in touch with a beautiful young woman, SHY Al usually uses acting - I can try to read Lady Anne's part for you Al...
;-)
This is the very aspect in which I want to see Al sometimes – I want to experience his gentleman-like side treating me as young woman...
Not every young girl sees in Al a lonely orphan and gets mother-like caring, most of them see in him a charming man experienced in life...
I mean his colleagues: Gabrielle Anwar, Winona Ryder (not only Al’s Lady Anne but also his phone friend in sleepless nights, right?), etc.
I often ask myself how it actually feels for young women to be in touch with Al (REAL contact, I mean). 
I use my imagination and high technologies (like smartphone) because I can’t caress Al Pacino. If I could I’d take care of him REALLY...
At MegaPartnering Al said that freedom of imagination is success but in my love for him I use imagination NOT because I see success in it.
Unlike this reviewer of The Humbling, I actually WANT Al Pacino to get “imaginary love affair with youth”. Or better a real one...
“Pacino’s performance will deliver him not to an imaginary love affair with youth, but to triumph and awards”

They say, Al has said the definition of success is the freedom to go in your own imagination... I wish my fantasies came true, though.
Waiting for more pictures ;-) from MEGAPARTNERING now! Maybe later the official photos will appear... 
I’m HAPPY to finally see you again, My Shy Kitten Alfredo ;-) 
Sorry, Internet turned off yesterday, I did't finish - after catching Al, I'd make him lie down, give him massage, take care of him...
The moment 1:37 – if I were Pegeen, I’d throw out the cat and I’d try to catch the falling Kitten Al.

I DON’T like when Al’s (possible or real) pain in the back becomes a film joke. To me, it’s NOT FUNNY at all - I’d take care of him...
If the posts that have stayed visible are about washing Al and taking care of him, I won the war with the badly-working Twitter...
I really want to wash my Al, wrap him in blanket, make him lie down on bed, give him tender stroking massage, feed him, take care of him...
But if you’re against it Al, we can reduce my caring actions to offering you footbath and giving you tender stroking massage, My Kitten...
Only the darkness of upcoming night can sometimes make this feeling... well, let’s say, a bit less maternal.
Don’t get too shy My Kitten Al. The desire to help your man in washing himself starts ORIGINALLY as a feeling of maternally caring kind...
In my mind I'm still having the shy fantasy of helping Al wash himself... Don’t kill me for that, Al. 
My dreams of offering you footbath and massage are ALWAYS with me too, Shy Orphan Al. 
You’d judge (disapprove) such dreams of mine or you’d help me develop them, Kitten Alfredo? 
The worst to me is when I ask myself “How would Al actually react to my fantasies about him?” 
Sorry, Shy Kitten Al, if I’ll also have some inappropriate desires… as I often do lately. 
Since I can’t directly contact Al, I’ll check the news, download his photos, and watch his films – most probably, Looking for Richard...
The weekend is coming up – as usually (for years... since 2003) at the weekend I will enjoy Al Pacino and my feelings for him.
Apparently, Austin (TX) has watched Al Pacino’s film The Humbling without Al’s presence. Or maybe Al ordered no cameras for the event.
After my work tomorrow I’ll check your news at Austin Festival – take care of yourself, My Precious Kitten Alfredo… 
I wish you wrote to me every time you feel bad and need care (night in most of US cities is daytime here) but I know you’re very shy Al.
I worry about you Kitten Al, and I miss you a lot during my work days – when I go home, my heart gets happy because my True Home is YOU.
Wrap the scarf you wear around your neck or wear warm sweaters, when you travel – winter is coming up. Please take care of yourself, Al.
My Shy Kitten Al, I really love when you wear unbuttoned shirts. But don’t wear them in AUTUMN (almost winter). 
Sorry, Kitten Al, I can't tell you ALL my fantasies about us. Because I feel shy. 
The desire to touch Al's face, shoulders, etc. is always in my mind. As usually, today I want to offer him footbath and massage...
The more I travel through Time, the more I get sure you need much caress and warmth, Shy Orphaned Al. 
I can’t unlock back the doors of the 1960s or the 1970s, but at least I can look through the keyhole… 
I start to feel the amazing secret message of why I was fated to love Al – Al and my feelings for him help me overcome my shyness...
When I ask myself how Al could perform (being almost my age!) in front of whole crowds… 
You REALLY need GOOD relaxation, Alfredo. That’s why I always offer footbath and massage… 
There are some moments in the film where I’d behave in a bit different way (if I were Pegeen) in order to revive this MAN...
As for The Humbling, I wish I could watch it together with Kitten Al... 
I have a gorgeous idea ;-) let’s release all of your upcoming films on Amazon, Al. Let’s start with Manglehorn!

Wow! Both of Al's Salome films are getting available on Amazon (DVD for ALL REGIONS), and I didn’t know it!

I wish I could do all this TODAY. Sorry for being so frank about my private feelings for Al. There are just no other ways to express them.
Even his feet, I believe, need a care - good footbath. I'd add my lavender shower gel to the water in order to relax and warm up his feet.
Before covering Al's shoulders and back with the cozy blanket, I'd give him tender stroking massage - as orphan, he REALLY needs warmth...
May I cover your shoulders with soft cozy blanket, my Kitten Alfredo? At least, in my imagination...
I feel special tenderness for you, Shy Kitten Al, because now it's evening here. Love you and miss you REALLY MUCH. 
Since I've finally posted Al with naked shoulders (my fantasy of many months) can I ask for permission to touch Al's shoulders in my mind?
I know I should ONLY be MATERNALLY caring because it’s what you need most, Shy Orphan Al. But after all, I’m just a human…
Sorry, Kitten Al, for having all these shy fantasies… 
I was taking shower… and thinking about Al. 
On weekends I write more than on work days. I wish I could spend ALL my time (and my life) with you My Kitten Al. 
Sorry for having skipped so much of your theater career, My Shy Orphan Alfredo. 
If someone (or something in the theater) dares to hurt Shy Kitten Al, they will deal with me… Even TODAY. 
I say “Please, don’t cry, Al. They’re not worth it”, and it feels like I’m kind of late. Just for 50 years... I think it’s NEVER TOO LATE.
It’s in Hello Out There the audience made Al feel they were laughing at him, while they were laughing at his line (supposed to be funny).
The biggest surprise of yesterday was the sad plot of Hello, Out There. And the deep compassion when I read Al was crying backstage...
Of course, I collected some of Al’s theater photos before, but it wasn’t deep enough... 
And soon got the shameful impression :-( that I actually know almost nothing about Al’s career… 
Actually, yesterday I was searching for Al’s theater works… 
I miss you REALLY MUCH, My Shy Orphan Alfredo. I hope you’re feeling well these days, My Kitten...
Yeah, I know... no mention of marriage any more ;-) 
Don’t worry, My Shy Kitten Alfredo – I’m just joking ;-) about marriage - I know you don’t really like this idea. 
I hope the last phone call (that Mickey Ross is going to take) won’t ruin his wedding plans - I really want this man to get married...
The last name Ross seems to be a cute shortening of Glengarry Glen Ross (written by David Mamet). 
Even the first name of your character in China Doll - MICKEY Ross - seems to be... sort of familiar, Shy Kitten Al. 
Though I must confess I like a lot the plot of China Doll - the decision... to marry, a plane as wedding present, and the play cute title.
It’s a kind of jealousy – you seem to love theater more than you love me, Al. 
Sorry, Kitten Al, I haven’t congratulated you on your return to Broadway in 2015… 
Don’t get surprised if some of my ideas are really weird ;-) well, I’ve said I’m not feeling well these days (pains in throat, headaches).
Anyway, I can’t post again my photos because now I have a job and I don’t want to be accidentally found and recognized here by colleagues.
And yet ;-) it would be too much indiscreet to think someone could associate my pale skin with porcelain, right?
Yeah, my really pale skin has strange color nuances while reflecting photo flash – someone once commented I look like ice cream.
I deleted my photos on Twitter (and closed them on Facebook) but I still have them on my computer…
Wait! When I recalled my very pale skin (that looks bad in photos), I also recalled that I once had my photos on Twitter and Facebook...
By the way, can the term China (Porcelain) Doll mean a girl with relatively pale skin and quite delicate (fragile) health?
Because of such fantasies, I was so nervous that my organism was unable to resist illness: I got cold (I have pains in throat, headaches).
You know, Kitten Al, I should urgently get rid of the feeling of guilt for some dreams… 
In English the term also has derogative meanings in some cases. I have no idea what exactly David Mamet meant in his play title...
“A pretty and fragile woman” is exactly the figurative meaning that web-dictionaries have for China doll:

By the way “porcelain doll” (not “China doll”) can symbolize in Russian not only a doll made of porcelain but also a fragile pretty woman.
At least, this is how Wikipedia describes the direct meaning of the term:

In English China doll is ANY porcelain doll, right? (even not having a Chinese lady’s face) 
After 5 years of university education in linguistics, I still feel puzzled with the term China doll. Let’s firstly see the direct meaning.
You know, Al, if one day we met in person and if we liked each other, we’d probably regret the time wasted by us before the meeting.
Sorry, I should finish because I'm feeling a bit tired (after work, it's evening here). Love you much Al. 
A plane is a very expensive thing, while just a modest sum (money transfer) could help me get flight ticket and finally see Al in person.
I can't expect from Al to take up the challenge of meeting me in person ;-) even though he'll buy a plane for his fiancee in China Doll.
Sorry for being so frank and sincere in public - I can't say all these deeply private things directly to Al and so I post them here...
I know you're having morning there - but imagine later, in the evening, that I REALLY take care of you, My Orphaned Kitten Al...
If only I could, I would REALLY wrap you in soft cozy blanket, I'd make you have footbath to warm up your feet after a hard working day.
You know, Al - actually I NEVER joke when I hint you may need tender stroking massage to heal your orphaned soul. 
I mean you deserve happiness, Al, after living these 5 decades in the pain of being orphan... 
Remember, My Charming Kitten Al - you REALLY deserve being happy... 
You probably have some really serious reasons not to appear in my life. And I respect them… Love you Kitten Al. 
And yet I’m happy to meet you in the great labyrinth of Time and Space, Al. 
I can express my love for you ONLY with words, Al. Forgive me that it’s not real actions… 
Sometimes I just want to take Al’s hand and hold it for hours - if only I could, I would surround him with real care (footbaths, massage).
Sorry if my posts seem to be a bit incoherent. Every day I spend a lot of time working. I feel very tired in the evenings when I post...
But if you don't feel for me what I feel for you, we could be just friends, My Shy Kitten Al. 
Day by day I feel some confusion inside me, Al. Only you can solve it. I'll wait for you forever... 
I seriously believe you need tender stroking massage Al (because of tension caused by the state of being an orphan).
If one day you really appear in my life, Shy Orphan Alfredo, I'll take care of you really much... 
Please help me unlock the door of your shyness, Kitten Alfredo. I'm absolutely serious... 
Anyway, I love you and miss you Shy Orphan Alfredo. I hope you’re feeling well… 
If you don’t want to write Al – don’t worry ;-) I perfectly understand… 
Come on! ;-) Write to me, Kitten Al. Don’t get shy ;-) I’d give you tender caress online... 
If someone wants to have live chat with me - do that in daytime for Novosibirsk (night for most of U.S. cities):

My INSTANT Facebook Messenger works well ;-) in theory, if Al decides to write to me (by some miracle) I’d get it immediately...
And yet... I love when Kitten Al wears a WHITE SHIRT – like in that scene of wedding night. 
The more adult I become, the less I want to watch The Godfather - Al’s screen wedding night with virgin brings me more and more tension.
We’re like GHOSTS to each other, Shy Orphan Al - we live in parallel worlds, but in our souls we’re almost the same age...
In the beginning of 2015 I’ll be 26 years old. Almost like Al when he worked as super at tenement (and had his own photo on his door).
If I knew at my 2 years old (1991) that my man is already adult man, I’d hurry up in growing… 
Congrats! An important day, October 16, is coming up… 
I also have some other ideas, but if you’re against it Al, we could be just friends… 
I’d start to “impose” on Kitten Alfredo footbath and tender stroking massage... he needs maternal warmth TODAY. 
I think Al would manage to relax me and then... You know what happens after I open up about my feelings for Shy Orphan Al.
Yeah, friendly conversation... Just like Kitten Al once had with ordinary girls before his fame (in the 1960s). 
I think during the first half an hour of our personal meeting Al would encourage me and involve me in a friendly talk...
Loving Al Pacino in writing is probably my only talent – in direct communication I don’t always speak out my ideas well...
To Al our first meeting in person would be unexpectedly easier than to me: he’d immediately discover that I’m actually shier than he is...
Sometimes I ask myself – if one day Al and I met each other in person, what our first words for each other would be?
I wish I could embrace you Al (at least in my mind) if you really feel now sad, lonely or depressed...
On the other side of the Earth Kitten Al must be having night... while it’s daytime here. 
And so I actually keep browsing (I have time - it’s Sunday here). The absence of bad news is already good news, right?
The night rain made me feel the sudden worry about Al Pacino as depressed orphan (and this anxiety interrupted my love fantasy about him).
By the way, whole-night-lasting rain seemed to me alerting today – I hope you’re doing well, Alfredo… 
That's right - both Al and I want his revival. The difference is in the ways to get it – while he counts on theater, I see other ways...
By the way, in almost all compatibility horoscopes Taurus man and Capricorn woman are good for each other because they have common aims...
Don’t forget that shyness is MY feature, too. I know how much it hurts sometimes when you can’t do things just because you feel shy...
I wish my Taurus (Al Pacino, I mean) was more daring, but I understand - he’s REALLY shy by his nature… 
The Taurus pony in the picture below looks totally like Kitten Al – very shy and very careful...
And yet horoscopes don’t give me full information ;-) I hope you’re feeling well these days, My Orphaned Kitten Alfredo...
By the way, I also like articles about the compatibility of Taurus male and Capricorn female… 
When I want to know if Kitten Alfredo does well, I check Taurus ;-) in this cute horoscope:

If I met Al Pacino in person, I think I’d touch him in really tender way. Because I wait for this physical touch for 11 years...
Maybe Al Pacino would think I’m just one more crazy fan – anyway, I love him… 
I shouldn’t let groundless dreams (illusions) make me too much happy, right? Because I can face pain after... 
Well, I don’t manage to relax... By the way, seriously, Al, what would you think about my feelings for you? 
But actually I should relax because NOBODY visits this little web-world of mine, right Shy Kitten Al? 
Now, every time I come here and see Al’s photo with his smartphone, I simply don’t dare to write - it’s so stupid...
It would make me VERY HAPPY if you REALLY knew about my feelings for you, My Shy Orphan Al... 
I really want to comfort your orphaned soul, my Kitten Alfredo. I also hope I'm allowed to have love desires... 
Sorry, Al - I always screw up my mission of bringing you maternal warmth by having love fantasies about us... 
I believe you also need footbath in the evening of every day of your hardworking life. Can’t overcome the distance to make it come true...
I believe tender stroking massage (REAL, not my web-hints) could make you relax, Shy Orphan Al… 
Anyway, if the Heaven had the plan to revive Al Pacino, I’d certainly help… 
Since I feel a bit confused, let me change the subject. My job seems to be a blessing I don’t deserve - as if God thanks me for something.
I don't have to write about the secret desires if they make me feel too shy, right? 
I love you Al. When I have difficult moments, I imagine the warmth I would feel while holding your hand...
Working on Mondays is always hard. Thank you for being my muse, Shy Kitten Alfredo. 
I feel the same things that I revealed yesterday. I wish one day Al could read in my prose here the poetry of my love for him...
It’s night in LA (right?) and I hope you’re feeling well, my dear Kitten Alfredo… 
But if you’re against my love hints, Shy Orphan Alfredo, I would treat you just in maternally warm way: tender massage, footbath, etc.
I hope YOUR nights, Al, are better (more peaceful) than my ones ;-) 
I don’t sleep well for months… because of you Al. 
Well, anyway I don’t insist on marriage or love night. I want just 1 kiss… Please Al. 
Sorry, Alfredo, I know you don’t like the marriage theme because of your childhood memories. Sorry, My Shy Orphaned Tender Kitten Al.
Some actors-bachelors find their happiness with NOT ACTRESSES… 
I know you want to be bachelor forever, Al, but let’s congratulate George&amp;Amal! 
Even if I lived with Al, I’d miss his beautiful eyes every minute - I’d wake him up every hour at night just to look into his eyes again.
It’s night in LA, and the sleepy Al Pacino must be looking like this… 
Well, wherever you are, Al - imagine that I take care of you, My Orphaned Kitten. As usually, I offer you footbath and tender massage...
As for me, I’m having the morning here – the night of my love fantasies about you Alfredo is already over...
I wish you sweet dreams, my Shy Kitten Al. If I’m not mistaken, the night is coming up in LA… 
Sorry for the naughty hint ;-) there's no need to buy dolls in order to show me that. Come on, Al! I’m asking for at least 1 kiss...
Al, buy me Barbie and Alan (at Tom’s Toys) and explain me what happens between man&amp;woman… 
In daily life photos Al looks very close to ordinary people which is really dear to me. It’s a chance to imagine seeing Al in person...
I like Al’s informal photos (with his kids near Tom’s Toys or in other family places) even more than his official pics taken at festivals!
This cute informal photo (at Lego shop?) was taken almost a year ago and retweeted by someone these days… 
Even though I collect Al’s pics with his kids, I never post them here – I believe the privacy of famous people’s children should be kept.
I don’t know what you’d think about me and my feelings, if you read my notes, but I love you, Shy Al. 
If you don’t like the idea of giving me a night of love, what about giving me at least 1 kiss, Alfredo? 
If you don’t accept my love hints, Shy Orphan Al - please let me take care of you in maternally warm way. 
After 2011 I no longer blame myself for having love fantasies about Shy Orphan Alfredo... 
After Looking for Richard “shock” in 2011, I’ve decided that my love for Al should keep the balance between the Maternal and Romantic...
I’m talking about all this today because October 2 is the birthday of Richard III indirectly related to my love and its evolution.
After I watched Looking for Richard for the 1st time in 2011 I knew I’d soon be unable to resist some fantasies. Now I’m their prisoner.
Inspired by Richard III, written by Shakespeare, incarnated by Al Pacino – my first love desire for Al is quite rich in its roots...
As if Al’s Richard III wanted to help the young kid Anne to surrender to her love desire… 
I’ll never forget the charming moment when Al’s Richard III started to open his jacket and got kneeling in front of Lady Anne...
Usually I'm quite shy but sometimes I ask myself what kind of eyes expression Al Pacino would have if I started to unbutton his shirt...
Imagine that I take care of you day and night, Al. In my thoughts I’m always with you, My Shy Orphaned Kitten...
I love you Kitten Al. I wish I could make you relax by offering you footbath and tender stroking massage TODAY. 
Maybe God needed some time (and special preparations) to help Al and revive him. By the way, in 1985 I didn’t exist. I was born in 1989.
I think it’s a photo of “Revolution” time (1985). So sweet to see the cross on his chest... God bless you Al. 
Besides, at that time Al had troubles in personal life – poor Alfredo was really tortured in 1985 and I couldn’t help. I didn’t exist...
“Revolution” time was hard to you Al: slight pneumonia (as I read) during the filming and depression after release. 
Sorry ;-) I didn’t immediately recognize Ned Dobb (Revolution, 1985) standing right next to his screen dad. 
LOVE you and MISS you really much Kitten Al. But I’m feeling tired after work and need some rest. And so I should finish. Sorry.
Don't worry, I anyway ALWAYS remember that you should also be treated in maternally warm and caring way, Alfredo My Shy Orphaned Kitten...
A girl revives you and asks for a love night (or at least 1 kiss) in return. What about such version, Al? 
Actually... sorry for these hints. I don’t insist Kitten Al. We could be just friends, if you like. I only wish it was direct contact.
Apparently God knows about my fantasies - I’ve come across a moving (not static, I mean) GIF picture with Al making love (from a movie).
Al, it’s violent to ignore (in the favor of the virgin who loves John the Baptist) the virgin who loves YOU… 
I like LinkedIn – I wish Al was my contact there (well, I want his phone number). By the way, I updated some job-related info there...
After synchronization on LinkedIn I somehow... have the phone numbers of my LinkedIn contacts right in my phonebook.
By the way, I know - my old Facebook notes about my feelings for Al seem to be immature and naive, but I have no time to correct them.
I've installed Facebook Messenger and need to test it. Someone, please, add me as friend or write to me:

You know, Kitten Alfredo, you could be my private teacher of English philology (Shakespeare, Wilde, etc). 
It’s so unfair ;-) I understand almost all English words in the trailer except this moment. I feel like I lose (can’t catch) witty effect.
Kitten Al looks puzzled in the scene too, just like me. And so it’s probably a special moment. It’s a pity I can’t catch her word(s).
I mean the moments 1:23-1:25 of The Humbling trailer video. See it here, for example:

Help me Al - to my Russian ear Pegeen’s words sound like “stars truck” or “star’s truck” or probably it’s something else, I can’t catch.
I mean the moment in The Humbling trailer where Pegeen is standing upstairs (while Al is downstairs in the hall) and she says something…
Kitten Alfredo, I need your help in understanding English. There’s a moment in The Humbling that I can’t catch… 
I wish I could overcome the huge distance and learn how it feels to see you in person, Al (feel the warmth of your hand, hear your voice).
If you feel the need to guide some girl, Al, don’t hire young actresses for your films – take ME under your wing. Make me more mature...
Please, Alfredo the Kitten, don’t look for a new young girl (for Salome 2016 in London). I feel jealous… 
When Alfredo is sincerely happy, he looks cute and young! 
I mean that Lady Anne in your life should be real ;-) I suggest myself… 
No, it’s NOT theater, it’s maternally warm tenderness and caress that can save you Kitten Al. 
There were times when Al’s eyes reflected depression and no trust for the world… 
I adore Al’s attempts to hide his (finally pleased with life) eyes with sunglasses… 
My Kitten Alfredo, you look charming… Sorry for recently being a little dragon (angry of jealousy). 
Actually, when Al looks sincerely enthusiastic (like lately) it makes his eyes brighter and adds him charm... 
By the way, about shyness - do you remember it was great when Al got less shy during the interview with G.Gerwig? 
You know, I’ve been working with really great people for a few months. And I feel it’s made me less shy. I really like my work.
Maybe you think it's a sort of responsibility, Al... but it's easier than it seems. Love you MUCH. I should go to my work. Sorry.
Al, why do you feel so attached to the mythic Salome if you can make love to (or at least kiss, Al) a real virgin? 
Why does Al Pacino "hide" at theater (Mamet or upcoming Salome 2016) every time he feels insecure about his REAL life?
After 11 years “with” Al Pacino, 1 day without him seemed like hell.
My most favorite photo of Kitten Al at the recent Salome screening event. 
You look great, Kitten Al. And a bit dreamy as you usually are... Hope to see you soon. Love you and miss you really much, Al.
Next time be careful, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo - I REALLY care for you… 
I already see the first news – poor Kitten Al lost his luggage on flight to UK (I hope he didn’t lose his smartphone). Be careful, Al...
Sorry if later I don’t react immediately – most probably I’ll be sleeping (now it’s evening here) and then working (in the morning).
Don't want to disturb you Al ;-) your Salome evening in London is going to start right in a few hours... Goodbye for a while. Love you!
I remind Twitter has no filter by time: in order not to lose a tweet you like, click on it to open and save its URL on your computer.
Actually, it could be such a good position… for unbuttoning Al’s shirt - my wild dream where I got stuck… 
I recently got salary ;-) And so I can buy you something, Al ;-) for example, a huge soft blanket to wrap you in. Love you My Kitten Al.
Sorry for being away for so long - I spent most of the day in the downtown, buying trousers&amp;shoes for winter and other clothes...
Even if such (or similar) dreams never come true, I’ll always love you Shy Kitten Al. 
I have a dream – I want Al to kiss me one day by overcoming the hesitations produced by my total absence of such experience...
It’s better to look at Al’s pics from his interview with Greta Gerwig on big screen – on computer (not on smartphone). Al looks great!
But I saved them all in a wrong format (with biased dimensions on other devices). It’s one of them… 
Actually I love making shots of Al’s videos. I've had big practice. When I was 18 I had hundreds of Al’s pics. Made by me, in my vision.
It’s great, though it’s hard for me to see Al preferring some other young woman’s company (rather than mine). Feels like jealousy.
My most favorite second – Really Sincere Fire in Al's eyes… 
Just save the pics and quickly change them one by one to see the great dynamic effect of his eyes fire… 
It’s not the same picture – it’s several different seconds of the same precious moment. 
Around 25:22 - You do right Al, when you get less shy – just look at the fire into your eyes… 
Seriously - at the moment in the picture Al has such young sincere eyes expression as if he really liked this caring action...
Moment 8:27 of the video - be careful, Kitten Al ;-) I don’t want other women (not me) to touch you… 
Moment 7:17 of the video – now I know the melody of Al’s smartphone. It’s a pity he never calls me. 
Great video interview of Al Pacino:

Anyway I PERFECTLY remember that you need maternally warm and tender caress, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Alfredo... I hope you're doing well.
Sorry, just can’t stop doing such hints... even though they make me feel a bit shy and a bit uncomfortable. 
The rest is optional, Kitten Al. You can accept massage&amp;footbath or suggest your own ideas… 
Dreamy Kitten Al, at which point did I stop yesterday? Oh, wait... at the point of removing your shirt. 
According to articles in Polish, Al’s evening for fans in Poland is cancelled. Thank you, God! Areas next to Ukraine may be dangerous...
Sorry, now I should finish. I hope you’re feeling well, My Kitten Al. I love you and miss you REALLY MUCH.
By the way, you can always find me ;-) also on Facebook, Al:

If only I could, I would do all these things TODAY - maternally warm touch can heal and revive both your body and soul My Shy Alfredo...
Between removing your shirt and covering your shoulders and back with blanket I’d give you maternally tender stroking massage Orphan Al.
To relax your body I’d make you have footbath every evening, My Shy Orphan. I’d also wrap you in blanket Al - after removing your shirt.
I wish one day I could bring a lot of relaxation to your soul My Shy Orphaned Kitten Al. How can I do that? 
I wish one day you could show me, Al, how it feels - love with no distance... 
Even though I don’t always have enough time to write about it, no words can express the profound tenderness I feel for you every day Al.
Sorry, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Al, now it’s evening here and I feel very tired… But I miss you. Love you MUCH... 
I really like reading what Al thinks about Manglehorn and his love letters for Clara:

As the theme of a person keeping in the heart eternal secret love (expressed in writing), Manglehorn actually sounds very close to me...
Thank you Al for understanding the pain of the one who can’t reach another person and that’s why writes love letters. Thank you. Really.
I see you, Kitten Al, in several aspects: as orphan who needs MUCH care, as REALLY attractive man, as protective father-like figure...
I’d be happy if you considered me as your “child” - one of your children, Al. In case if I’m too young to be seen by you as a woman...
“I go with the flow. It’s what I can do, what my life is at this point, having young children too, I have older children”, Al says.
We could have a great correspondence, My Dear Shy Kitten Al. I’d tell you more about my life. Now let’s return to the interview...
At the location where I live there are many foreigners: mostly students and professors (from Italy, France, etc). But they’re NOT you, Al.
It’s no longer the USSR’s iron curtain: the meeting with Al in person is theoretically possible. But firstly we should get in touch, Al.
I have similar feelings in my affection for you Al. That’s why I write my love “letters” here on Twitter. But I NEVER lose hope...
Al on Manglehorn letters: “this pain [...] when you can’t reach someone. I don’t think there’s anything worse. It’s a real living pain.”
One more great interview of Al:

Now I know ;-) why in my night dream Al’s Richard III didn’t want to let me go away - he knew I’d get lost this morning...
I had a funny adventure while trying to get to my work today. I somehow took a wrong bus. And then walked back. In the rain. It was fun.
Dreamy Kitten Alfredo ;-) The photo was taken at Venice Festival. 
Even if you would see in me just a fan and a kind of kid (rather than a young girl), I’d be happy to be in touch with you, Al.
If I knew your email, My Orphaned Kitten Al, I would take care of you in a more intimate way… 
I also keep reading (again and again) this really great article about Alfredo the Shy Orphan:

This morning I really miss Al, and so I’m watching his interviews just to hear his voice...

As if Al thinks I’m too young and he’s not sure I would make a good Lady Anne for him. In real life, I mean. Not on stage...
I love this photo of Al because there is something challenging and teasing in the expression of his eyes… 
Twitter has no filter by time - if you like a tweet, click it to open it and save its URL in order not to lose it weeks later...
I mean, please REALLY take care of your health, Kitten Alfredo, and imagine at night that I give you tender stroking massage, My Orphan.
Help me take care of the vulnerable orphan who lives inside you Al. Help me take care of him TODAY… 
Don’t neglect the chance to watch your own films, Al – you’ll see on screen a shy orphan who needs much care… 
It happens when Al feels TRULY relaxed - he either feels younger, or regains his own behavior automatically, after watching his films...
Because there are moments when Al suddenly does a (physical) movement or intonational tone that he had in the 1970s, 1980s, 1990s...
I don’t believe Al Pacino doesn’t watch his own films:

Sorry, now I should finish - I’m a bit tired after work (it’s Friday evening here and I’ll work even on Saturday). Love you Kitten Al...
Read my previous ideas ;-) Kitten Alfredo, where I describe how I’d take care of you, if we could be together in a cozy house...
“I’m backing off acting” - I’m really happy you’re going to have some rest, Alfredo the Shy Orphan:

I REALLY miss you Al - and so I watch The Humbling trailer (because I can’t see the film itself):

What is the purpose of acting (on stage or on screen), if you can’t get there the love and caress you need? 
I’m not against The Irishman, My Shy Kitten Al, but I prefer films where your character has love. Like Manglehorn or The Humbling...
I want to draw your attention once again to ALL of my yesterday ideas. They all are really IMPORTANT and DEAR to my heart...
Your age doesn’t matter, Al - because there is only one YOU on this Earth. The main is saving you and helping you to survive, My Kitten.
NEVER be depressed about your age Alfredo:

In return, Al would take care of my intellectual level. By reading me some pieces of Shakespeare… 
Living with Al, I’d constantly give him tender stroking massage - his body, as well as his mind, longs for a touch of maternal warmth.
A cozy house where Al could have some rest and where I’d take care of him: I’d wrap him in blanket, I’d make him have a good footbath...
“One day I want to rent a small house on a lake” – perhaps Al meant it in the article as joke, but it’s a great place to make him relax.
Recalling the past may be painful, Alfredo the Orphan. You need much care while doing it… 
I find it right that Al gradually opens up about the time when he became an orphan. See the article:

And I believe it brings me right thoughts about him –  somehow today I feel sudden worry and concern about his tears...
I keep such icon (in my case icon-calendar) next to Al Pacino’s portrait for 10 years. I believe it protects him. 
PLEASE take care of yourself, My Shy Orphan Alfredo - it means a lot to me. 
It's a beautiful article:

If you feel sad, Al, imagine that I keep you in my arms, wrap you in blanket, My Shy Orphan, and help you fall asleep...
All I want from this life is you Al. So please NEVER give up, never cry My Kitten Al. 
Even if it’s really because of allergy, I can’t stand the idea of Shy Orphan Al crying. I want to wrap him in blanket and comfort him...
Al’s tears in this scene made me recall Al’s recent words – that he often looks as if he has cried. Because of allergy (as he said).
Scene where Al stops in his suicide attempt (Scent of a Woman) somehow was in my head during all the day… 
Sorry, I have very little free time (I can’t post as much as I did at the weekend). And so I’m forced to finish...
Actually... lately Al often looks sincerely inspired. I have no idea why :-) 
Why Al Pacino was so emotional? Probably because of his new films... or maybe for some other reason.
Today Al’s spilled water moment really made my morning, while usually Monday mornings are hard… 
Yeah, the films are quite similar ;-) Just like The Humbling, Manglehorn suggests a fantasy of living with Al.

Have just found ;-) Al Pacino confesses he’s busy and confuses a bit his two fresh movies while talking to people.

This fantasy of living with Al (that The Humbling trailer gives) is REALLY dear to me! I feel so relaxed, so secure while imagining it.
And I even feel like I’ve been raised not only by my parents (really present in my life). But also by Al (really present in my heart).
Despite all predictions, for 11 years (after 2003) my affection for Al never got less intense. It only kept growing. Kept deepening...
The man under whose wing I want to live my whole life – that’s the feeling The Humbling trailer brings me back to.

But to me, Al Pacino was (and is) the man under whose wing I want to live for the rest of my life...
I can understand my family - to them, Al Pacino has always been just an actor from screen...
It brings me back to the time when it was hard for my family to get used to my obsession with Al that suddenly started in 2003.
And I’ve managed to do that - “Your daughter is a grown-up!”, says Al to Pegeen’s parents in The Humbling...
Sorry, I needed a pause to take bath. While having a bath I was trying to decode why I feel secure and stable after The Humbling trailer.
It’s a pity I’m always absent at your shows Kitten Al ;-) 
Sorry, there were some problems while uploading the latest photo. But I really love it!
Here Al seems to be so dreamy that he doesn’t notice how I’m staring at his unbuttoned shirt… 
I’m REALLY glad you look happy again, Alfredo My Shy Orphaned Kitten! 
Al Pacino and his gorgeous screen partner Holly Hunter... Al looks as sincere as a kid. 
I love when Al Pacino has fire of joy or happiness in his eyes, even if he resists being photographed. 
This (already official) photo has caught almost the same sincere mood. Shy Baby Kitten Al has really happy moments. 
The informal photo posted by me below is MY MOST FAVORITE Al’s photo of the whole event. His eyes should always be like that...
REALLY love the SINCERE (!) joy in Al’s eyes in this informal photo… 
And so yesterday I felt really warmed up by the gorgeous spirit of the very beginning of my affection, when I really wanted to "save" Al.
Memories about my sweet fantasies of 2004-2005 (Al as Napoleon and me as Betsy) are coming to me from the first years of my love for Al.
What about the young caring Betsy? Even if you won’t really do Napoleon project (I don’t insist) thank you for recently recalling it Al.
Probably because on stage, and in films, Al Pacino’s soul subconsciously looks for a woman’s warmth, understanding, love and care...
Al Pacino’s “commitment to acting” somehow always has a female face (Colonel Slade’s abstract dream, Richard’s Lady Anne, Salome, Pegeen).
Years later, Al STILL felt lonely, and so he tried to connect with a virgin’s (wow!) passion incarnated in Salome and later with Pegeen.
After Scent of a Woman Al still felt lonely - metaphor of a young vulnerable lady (Richard’s Lady Anne) was a perfect chance to warm up...
Al was given an Oscar for Scent of a Woman, where he has obviously (to me, at least) shown his own longing for a woman’s warmth.
I must confess, Al the Kitten, my top of your films looks different. Scent of a Woman and Looking for Richard are my favorites...
I finally see Al revising his own films... ;-) His answers look earlier-prepared, though.

Never mind, Al [*sad sigh]. Just dreaming of how we could get in touch with each other. Secretly. 
I wouldn’t mind (actually f*cking impatient for) hearing what you'd think about my affection for you, My Shy Kitten Alfredo...
Don’t forget ;-) to send me the web-archive with The Humbling full movie or at least a secret web-link where I can see the whole film...
Those on Twitter who MUTUALLY follow each other can have private messages - if one day you follow me, Al, wait for me to follow you...
Why wouldn’t you write to me Al? ;-) Just be my anonymous follower here and then reveal me the truth in private Twitter messages...
Spare me Al - living in another country, I’ll see The Humbling only next year:

I wish I could caress your hair - don’t worry, I know Your Problem, Kitten Al. Really love you just as you are… 
We can also try the middle between just friendship and shy (but daring) night fantasy: a tender romantic platonic affection, Al.
But if you like Al, I will respect our age gap and will show you only purely friendly feelings: you’ll never know details of my fantasies.
If you think I don’t notice Al’s unbuttoned shirt, you’re mistaken. I really appreciate it. I’ve said I have some fantasies about him...
I wish I could be right next to You, My Shy Kitten Alfredo. Love you much! 
It’d be a tender parallel of my FAVORITE scene where Al as Richard seduces Lady Anne by giving her his sword. Message: Love Me or Kill Me.
I’d also insist on showing in the Napoleon movie a famous anecdote – when Betsy tried by joke threatening Napoleon’s heart with his sabre.
I’m sure such or similar tender and dreamy tone (of music and of film opening) would perfectly fit Napoleon film and the melancholic Al.
But rather as the FILM MINI-VERSION with some paradise-like TENDER music. Like in this example:

If I were the director of Napoleon project, the first thing I’d suggest is making a beautiful opening (not in the Hollywood style).
PLEASE Al, take me to Napoleon project ;-) At least as... the director. I kept (and saw) this romantic story in my mind for years...
But I’d be happy to do Napoleon script reading with Al Pacino! Not to get the role. Just want to have some good time with Al in person...
I’m now blonde and I speak French but I’m too old to play Betsy (though I look suitably immature). No hope for me, right?
I waited for the film for so long that I’m no longer a teenager and my love for Al is no longer platonic (I have some fantasies about us).
“Something that I responded to” – does Al (finally!) mean tender platonic love of a girl teenager? Betsy in Napoleon’s case.
“There’s a Napoleon project [...] that I’m now very interested in. [...] there’s something about the end of his life that I responded to”.
See this article:

The main for me is not formal events, but the chance to see Al. By the way, there is some news by which Al has really touched my heart...
Sorry for not clearly dividing in my tweets this week TIFF Gala, TIFF evening for fans and The Humbling TIFF premiere. I had little time.
I wish I could know you in person, My Shy Orphaned Kitten Al. I would take care of you. I would never leave you.
You need a lot of maternally tender warmth, Shy Orphan Alfredo. You can’t run away from it... 
Love Al's talking about his childhood because when he starts speaking on theater art and doctrine I feel like he wants to hide himself...
On the web I read Al was talking about his childhood memories, about his father and the precious moments of that time – I love it.
Me too, I have smartphone. Write to me, Al. I’ll give you my Skype and you’ll get me for simple writing chat even while I'm at work...
At TIFF, Al was wearing the stylish sunglasses (I don’t like them, they hide his eyes) and smartphone (I like it!). 
Al Pacino is an extremely shy creature, but the absence of experience in kissing makes me instinctively expect this initiative from him...
I was a bit surprised that it’s Pegeen in the trailer who kisses Al and not vice-versa. No doubt, it’s because of Al’s real life shyness.
The film uses a photo of younger Al in the newspaper: to me it feels very close, I always see Al only in the media, never as real person...
In general, I should confess the movie in the trailer looks much better than I expected. I was too much scared by Roth’s book reviews...
I really like Al’s self-irony “Any better?” (while rehearsing a role). Does Kitten Al make some humor about his rollercoaster-like career?
I’m finally back home. Let’s return to our subject – The Humbling...

Have just seen the first official trailer of The Humbling and the first photos of Al at TIFF. After work (it's morning here) I'll be back.
Sorry, Al. Now I should finish. I’m very tired. Tomorrow, after work I’ll continue. Love you and miss you REALLY MUCH...
A girl whose love could save you and revive you Kitten Alfredo – I REALLY love this theme in Looking For Richard... 
The idea that a female’s love can save your life, Al, is the most precious issue for me in the film The Humbling. 
Want to embrace you every day, Cute Kitten Alfredo. Please take care of yourself. 
Al Pacino was talking about depression in Venice. I hope he’s REALLY feeling well...
You’ve gone through so much pain in your life, Alfredo the Orphan. Your Revival is like God’s blessing... 
Still feel charmed with this pic. I wish Al could look at me in this way - warm and a bit dreamy... 
I hope Al is really feeling well and enjoying life... 
I care little about formal stuff. I prefer the situations where Al is more relaxed and free... 
But our dreams can't come true by themselves, without our help. Without our faith, hopes and real efforts...
As Colonel, Al wanted to feel “a woman’s arms wrapped around” him, while I have a slightly different dream – to wrap him in blanket...
Although... wait! Actually Colonel Slade dreamed of having one (and the only) unique woman... 
Two decades after Scent of a Woman and Looking for Richard, Al shows his ability for loyal love by writing love letters in Manglehorn...
As young girl, I sort of want to believe that the real Al is rather closer to the idea of true commitment... 
I really love Colonel Slade but his way of getting rid of depression (by calling sex phone service or ordering escort) always confused me.
Actually both Manglehorn and Slade are symbols of loneliness, and share the nuance of delicate dignity (a feature of Al Pacino himself).
By his care about the puppy, Manglehorn has reminded me of Colonel Slade (and his cat). 
I REALLY love when Kitten Alfredo looks so soft and sweet! There is some tender warmth in his eyes... 
Love you Alfredo the Kitten! 
Al Pacino is like home to my soul. I feel SO GOOD, so cozy, when I deal with Al and things related to him...
May I stay Al? May I stay your fan? Sorry, sometimes I’m capricious, jealous, and immature. But I really love you.
But I resisted this desire for a whole day more (I had “decided” again to “forget” Al Pacino). But then my feelings for Al won over me...
I watched the clip from The Humbling on Friday, the line about saving his life (if I hear English well) made me want to come back here...
It’s a scene from The Humbling where Pegeen is swimming in the pool, and Al’s character is talking with her.
Another great video:

I REALLY love in Manglehorn how Al’s voice is playing with its intonation... Like in usual real life talk.
Frankly speaking, I’m still under the impression... Still watching “Manglehorn” video.

Don’t worry, I wouldn’t tell to anyone... if we were in contact. We could discuss so many issues... 
What do you think about us possibly (secretly) getting in touch, Al? Via phone, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Skype? 
I know sometimes I’m unpleasant (full of jealousy, immature, etc.) but what do you think about it Al? 
Give me the chance to caress you, Al. At least by words... via Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, Skype – whatever you prefer...
Why wouldn’t we start writing to each other, Al? Our completely secret (!) correspondence would perhaps make us feel better...
Lonely Manglehorn gets no response to his tender letters... Just like me. I never get response to my love tweets... 
"I'm a wounded man, Clara" – people say, I’m not the only one who’s writing love letters and gets no response...
Fabulous! Thank you Al... for this cozy inside-the-home piece:

Because it’s only at home, Al (doesn’t matter, yours or mine) that I could wrap you in blanket, make you have a footbath and caress you...
I’m a shy girl, Al. I have only inside-the-home fantasies about you. No inside-the-red-carpet or inside-the-restaurant dreams...
I mean I would never dare to try to overshadow HIS event by the intentional (and inappropriate) glam of expensive dresses...
I’m a really shy girl. I would never use Al Pacino’s festival for advertising myself...
Actually, I REALLY like when Al wears a T-shirt (like he did at the press conference). So informal and relaxing, close to ordinary people.
Sometimes there is some dreamy grace that even bad quality photo can't ruin... 
Like Bobby from Needle Park... 
To me Al Pacino looks like Bobby here... 
Frankly speaking, I have nothing to say.  Just can't get over...
Don't worry, I'm not going to describe here my tears. Because (whoever you are) you anyway don't care about what I feel...
Al Pacino seems to be doing everything to show my feelings are trampled down. By the one I love.
Just want to see how far Al Pacino can go in order to make me feel pain... That's why I stay silent.
Someone who would help me reach the new stage in my life and finally feel as a real (let’s say, accomplished) woman...
You would hardly want to appear in my life, Alfredo the Kitten, though I love you. Should I try to find a good man? 
As for me, I’ve NEVER felt the warmth of being with someone (with a man, I mean) – the thing that my mind and body need now so much.
You’re not single, Al, and so you don’t feel it... Having enough love dates in your life, you don’t feel this freezing loneliness...
I suddenly want to have a cozy “love nest”, want to be embraced by male’s arms, want to feel protected and share my life with someone...
With growing frequency I get depressed about being single. I see love couples (in their 30s, not some teens) and loneliness grips my heart.
Usually I keep ignoring these sensations (because anyway Al Pacino wouldn’t be eager to satisfy them), but they started to affect my mind.
It’s not some mad Salome syndrome. It’s rather a healthy increasing desire of a 25-year-old organism to grow as a woman...
These physical sensations confuse me by the impossibility to satisfy them. In order to do that, I need a man...
At my 25 years old, I feel for you, Al, not only emotions (romantic&amp;maternal), but also sensations (body reactions). 
I want to say that I think I know the reason for my recent sudden changes of mood, for my depression, for my attempts to leave Al...
I only remember short warmth of his hand, my confused “Thank you” and his sight expecting further talk. Then it was my bus stop and I left.
The bus guy suddenly approached me and suggested his hand: “Are you afraid? You shouldn’t choose such seats.”
Well, after that, I couldn’t step down from this high seat because of the shaking caused by the bus speed...
Today I took a high seat (situated on the high step in the tail of the bus) because such seats are never wanted by the elderly.
It was the very guy on whom I almost (literally) fell a few weeks ago, when I couldn’t cope with the shaking bus...
But today the life gave me this rare chance – when I entered the bus, I recognized the bus guy (I mean the one who sells tickets inside).
Alfredo the Shy Orphaned Kitten, because of my loyalty to you I rarely (almost never) feel the warmth of a male’s touch...
But I don't insist on that, My Shy Kitten. Even though I really miss you Al, I should finish because I'm tired now. 
But in real life (not on the web) I have a perfectly normal life, full of its own exciting events and activities... I wish I could share Al.
In this page I always try to show all my inner tenderness for Al Pacino. That's why here I look perhaps too much naive and a bit crazy...
Actually I feel satisfaction about my work almost every day, even though I often get tired in the evenings (like now,  for example).
But I can't give you the details right here because I wouldn't like my colleagues to accidentally find this page one day and recognize me.
But private communication with you Al is just a dream. As for work, I really appreciate my job and people I work with.
I wish I could share with you Al (via skype or something) what happens at my work: the people and events that I deal with...
I'm sad because you'll never give me a chance, Al. But it's YOUR decision. I can't change it. I can only love you... 
Sorry, My Dear Shy Orphan, I'm often busy these days. Most of the day I'm at work... but I think about you. 
In my dreams I'll keep giving you maternally warm caress and tender massage... I also have some romantic ideas. 
I'll never see you Al... It's painful but I'll keep loving you. I can't run away from my feelings... 
I'll never be able to REALLY TAKE CARE of you Alfredo the Shy Orphan if your heart stays closed for my love...
What makes me so bad, Al? My age or social prejudices - I'm not American, I don't live in LA, I'm not actress, just a "crazy fan"?
You'll never want to contact me and to get to know me... Right, Alfredo My Shy Kitten? In this case I'll never be able to take care of you.
I wish Al could look at me in such a way: forgiving me for my child-like nature and tenderly encouraging the femininity inside me...
I love this encouraging eyes expression of Al (in the photo from Looking for Richard) as if he treats her tenderly, as a woman and a child.
And I can't even touch him. Of course, missing him so much I can't leave him... 
Al Pacino "haunts me in my sleep" as William Shakespeare would say... 
Let's do the following: you can date anyone, Al. Anytime. I just want to be your angel-gardien... Love you much.
Love you and miss you REALLY MUCH Alfredo the Shy Kitten. But now it's morning here and I'm going to be busy. Sorry. For everything...
I hope you're doing well, Al. Sometimes I come here because I miss my feelings for Al. I'll never deactivate my Twitter. So don't worry.
R.I.P. Robin Williams. I pray for Al Pacino's life and health every evening...
Maybe later I'll find a worthy man. Or I won't. I'm ready to be a "man" (protector) for myself: I work, I earn money, I encourage myself...
It's going to be hard, but I'd prefer leaving you as my passion Al rather than seeing how you try to hide your dates. Date openly, please.
And so the best for me now is to try again to forget you Al and to apply the maximum efforts in order to finally succeed in that.
I need a man who'd be able to take a responsibility and not to hide his choice. I hate men-cowards (inherited this from my mom).
There's no need for you to wear sunglasses or for her to wear a big hat. If you've made the definitive choice Al, don't hide it...
Please Al, next time you want to have a date, don't hide it (as you recently did in Brentwood). Do it openly, in public...
Feel like a fool... And very sad. But don't worry: lately I got a bit more mature and so I'm not going to make a scandal.
Then saw Brentwood photos (Pacino on Zimbio) and my desire to open up my soul to Al disappeared.
Really wanted to get home as soon as possible and to post something tender and deeply personal about Al...
Alfredo My Shy Orphaned Kitten, I LOVE you and miss you REALLY MUCH. But today I feel very tired. Sorry...
You probably wonder why I got so peaceful and loving (without trying to leave) about Al? Well, some fantasies haunt me. They relax me.
Sorry, Al, if sometimes I want too much. I'm just dreaming... REALLY want to feel you as man too (not only orphan). 
But I don't insist Al. We could be just friends, if you like... 
In your turn, you could teach me a lot of things Alfredo My Shy Kitten... 
Alfredo My Shy Orphan, I hope you would really enjoy imagining the massage I want to give you. Though REAL massage would be even better...
Well, unfortunately it’s just a fantasy. But I shouldn’t complain – God has already given me a lot. By reviving Al Pacino...
Though, in order to give you such tender stroking massage, it would be better to wait for the night, Kitten Al. 
By the way, about touching - Dear Kitten Al, what about maternally warm massage on such a special day? 
I wish I could touch your face with my hand, Al, and feel its warmth. Especially on the birthday of my love for you. 
To me these 11 years are not just the time of admiring Al. It’s rather the time of fighting (or, at least, waiting) for Al ’s revival...
Since the very Venice Festival 2011 where Al looked especially charming... 
For the past 3 years Al Pacino often looks optimistic, excited about life and full of hope… 
11 years later, thanks to God the mission is accomplished: the pain in Al’s eyes got replaced by sweet fire revival. 
Was the pain in his beautiful eyes a part of Michael as character? No, it was a part of Al Pacino as lonely orphan. 
On August 4-5, 2003 when I was 14 years old, I was suddenly charmed by Al Pacino while watching The Godfather.
Congratulations! You are my love for 11 years, Alfredo the Shy Orphaned Kitten... 
There is one more thing that I want. But I'm not sure whether you like the idea or not, Al... 
I wish I could wrap you in blanket and caress you in maternally warm way, Alfredo My Shy Orphaned Kitten... 
It's morning here and I'm going to be busy. Sorry. August 4 (it's already August 4 here) is the 11th anniversary of my love for Al Pacino.
Love you and miss you REALLY MUCH, My Dear Kitten Al. I hope you're doing well... 
I don't know why yesterday in the evening I was almost crying while longing for Al Pacino... Such despair rarely happens to me. Sorry.
Now it's morning here and I feel much better.
But I know that this will never happen... That's why I'm feeling sad today. Maybe later I'll feel better. Sorry.
All obstacles between us would already be destroyed, Al, if you wanted me as much as I want you...
Unlike Penelope, I don’t wait for a personal meeting (hopeless for many reasons). I just enjoy my love for Al by itself, just as it is.
My distant love for Al Pacino has already done the half of the time that Penelope waited for Ulysses...
Why do you hide (with sunglasses) these beautiful eyes in your daily life, Alfredo the Shy Orphaned Kitten? 
When I get them I feel glad (because I see you’re okay these days), even though I don’t see the main (your eyes, Al) because of sunglasses.
