P - Perfectly 
R - Relegated
@shakiraroslan95 much welcome! <FIRE>
@afiqqfarhann .... 
Too simple for a home kit right? 
Bayerns new homekit is no good! I prefer their current one with stripes!
Because you have been so hot lately  

MAKanan 

#brocuba #janganbadge
I shirked twice today
I only have one specia pahang supporter here..the rest are watching foreign leagues
@shefamira you are watching it live from studious or through television?
Tak aci la pi swimming!
Pishang nhih! <BANANA>
@shefamira haha I know! You are pahangnese! hope our local team win against foreign team from singapore
@shefamira tahi cicak?

@ftnln @NaimZainon ssup bro! Bila mau lepak?
If you have any family members whose convocation is at uitm shah alam,tell them to visit booth 5 for convo pictures. Prices are negotiable
@anas_atam hahaha mabuk minum teh ais mata sampai rolling rolling
Help me suzanne! Help me help me suzanne!
The Wombats-Dr Suzanne Mattox PhD
done           with 
done           with 
done           with 
 done         with         
     done…
Hahaha! 
Hahaha gintama!  
Internet is soo so slow. It can barely load anything
Exactly! 
Well its advantages do surpass the disadvantages, but battery life is a significant issue.
I have done many things to save my battery life but it keeps draining and that worries me a lot. This why i hate about iPhone
ME: -arches for all 7 horcruxes that must be destroyed in order to defeat Lord Voldemort.
Almost scored 1 but Neuer was too good
@atiqahridhuan if you have something to get off from your chest, i will always be listening
I just don't like to see someone grieving
@atiqahridhuan just don't think to much of something that can make you sad.. Okay?
@atiqahridhuan I just hope your ordeal does not affect you seriously.
@atiqahridhuan i can only give you some acknowledgement since i am not able to lessen your burden <THUMBS UP SIGN><SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
Regardless what kind of ordeal you are having, I believe that you can surmount it @atiqahridhuan <FLEXED BICEPS>
@atiqahridhuan someone is feeling under the weather recently.. What happened. I hate seeing you like tht <FROWNING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH>
"Wuishhhh daebak" it is quite amusing to combine malays and korean exclamation together
I set your pic as my screen lock so the first thing i look at my phone when i open it would be your lovely and cheeky smile
Wahhhhh!! Finally! I am back with iPhone
had a brief dream of syasya.. Lol wtf!
and people, wht i mean by advice is giving acknowledgement not harangue
but it is your choice to cover your aurat n wear your hijab. tht is between you and Allah.
Muslim women are obligated to wear hijab n cover your aurat. people around you are obligated to advise. so dont make fun of good advice
i'm at nadir lying tht i'm fine
you've made ur choice n I'm making mine
move forwrd,dont look back,dont deign to try
coz you'd see me cry
@atiqahridhuan you have been missing from my TL for quite a time. i dont hate you btw. why would be hated anyway?
now i have to habituate myself to live without any thoughts of you....

1. Don't
i'll procure the strength to move on.i may crawling right now,i 
believe eventually I'll running faster with a exuberant smile on my visage
oh probably that poem was just a another cockamamie shit to you
i can't believe i even wrote a poem for you once...
i flick my booger at your creed
whatever! i dont like susceptible person anyway.
@nrlazira for real?
@nrlazira alamak! kantoi! hahaha! eh kau tahu tak bila tarikh result exam keluar?
you are now with 999 followers. dont fret (obviously you won't), what you lost is merely a hapless follower not a lover
@nrlazira 19? ewww! more like 25 or older hahaha
which would you choose? to be hurt knowing someone you like happy with someone else or to be hurt knowing nothing of him/her?
you were the person who i would always share my joke with. now you are just somebody tht i used to know
just got back from negeri Sembillan visiting the grave of my deceased uncle. may he rest in peace with the decent souls
i love you like Snape loves Lily
@aidaneesa just kidding! i LOVE YOU SOO much and abundantly!
@aidaneesa me too
love your whatsapp dp.. ;)
both trophy and champions league spot for next season are in their bag
Tomokazu Sugita is still the voice actor of Gintoki.can't be helped.Sakata Gintoki's no longer Sakata Gintoki if they change his voice actor
@hazmihaizan oh! i forgot! they announced that new Gintama will be aired on early month of April. i thought it was May
that was a good news, was it not?
and Gintama too! i can't believe they're making anime Gintama again after its final episode was made into a movie
digimon the first will be making its return after 15 years! yes! and the characters are the same but they're all 17 now
have you ever felt so depressed because you have nothing to do?
breaking benjamin-crawl
i reckon Breaking Benjamin are not much known in Malaysia. except for their song Diary of Jane
Breaking Benjamin-Failure
@theakmlshh i forgot the 'know'

JUST LIKE …
Do you how it feels like #np
you both are so callous! i asked for your small favor nicely, but you both totally ignoring me..
&lt;---- sering kali tweet geli-geli  @elliarohim
well, you may not a princess of a royalty, but you are a princess to certain someone... #Certainly
that was probably her facade.. she is a royalty, she has to appear good looking in front of everyone
@baelorrr that is redundant. you are pretty as you are now..
oh and we were also good at being sarcastic....
when i was in school,Chinese were stereotyped adroit in math,Indians were good in English while malays were good at repartee n stereotyping
@kxtherynnrose have not heard of you for quite long. all i could see was your follower update...
@adlynadnan yeah, i too hoping the same. shah alam is always rainy in the evening
what have made him to be soo depraved?
that is sick man! SICK! even the investigator said his collection were the most extreme ever seen
i can't believe a our malaysian math scholar was apprehended for keeping abundant image and video of child porn
1. My quiet side<SMILING FACE WITH SMILING EYES>
2. My goofy/fun/crazy side<FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND WINKING E><FACE WITH STUCK-OUT TONGUE AND TIGHTLY-C>
3. My Loving/Caring side<HEAVY BLACK HEART><MAN AND WOMAN HOLDING HANDS><KISS> 
4. My side you never want to …
50 shades of Aidaaneesa.... kbye
KUSO AMA!!
my remarks were based on empirical evidence. so fuck you if dont believe me.
dont let their timidnes deceive you, they may appear innocuous but they can be bad as a nightmare
this sem i learnt timid women are the scariest, they could profoundly and subtly leave a bad taste in your mouth unlike any women
the might be depraved, but they were good friends. it was nice knowing them
we were always laughing at each other's frivolity
regardless what bad things we did, we would always make our leeway
i miss doing all the trifling bad things with my former classmates
we were rather a bunch of monkeys than delinquents.
we once went to counselling room and deceived the counsellor that we had problems just for fun
sometimes, when we got so lazy to go to lab, we would help ourselves with drinks from vending machine
we were occasional truants, we'd always shirk from BM class after PJ, hanging out at the canteen eating currypuff
i miss to gaze at your no make-up visage. it was always soo pretty
i hope you need my love just like i need yours
mcd section 18
have you ever felt so foreign in a place that is so familiar to you? i am feeling it right now
@aidaneesa i only care for the fries.
@aidaneesa i would pick them put them back into my fries receptacle before 3 seconds elapse. #3secondsrule
@rachelyappppp HAHAHAHA THE AWESOMEST REPARTEE EVER!!
HAPPY 22th SARAHHHHH!! bila nak lepak tengok movie lagi? @anakpacikshafee
i am so depressed! i can even say anything decent
The Fray-I can barely say
@mazliyanamaarof is that an actual fact or a mere perception? i have heard of it often
@aidaneesa have a safe journey aida.
what kind of dream was that. it was not nightmare nor a sweet dream.
my is still aching for you
@dewipmy dewi! nak number phone Sarah. melati nk ajak dia lepak
@banbananaaa dh pindah uitm seksyen 7
@banbananaaa duduk rumah je la. jaga adik, masak, kemas rumah
@banbananaaa boleh je! untuk Ban banana  kepala bana semua boleh! haha
Dr Kushairi is ailed with brain tumor. my pray is for him
@banbananaaa gurau jela! bila nak lepak?
@banbananaaa babi goreng!
i guess microwave are meant to reheat food
been trying too cook everything with microwave lately, nothing turned good but they were quite edible
being a full fledged suri rumah as of now
Breaking Benjamin-Breath
you take the breath right out off me!
HAD ENOOOOUGHHH! *Benjamin burnley screaming at top of his lungs*
Breaking Benjamin-Had enough
@aidaneesa figure it out, i'll give famos amos choco cookies if you have the correct answer
@aidaneesa imiwy
morning jog
imma snuggle while fantasizing of someone before i wake up for subuh
i wonder if Farina was watching that match or not...
Giving Klopp something to remember before he abdicates his reign..
tonight's win gives a light of hope to win a cup for dortmund after a drought season.
okay at least bayern still have chances to win champions league and bundesliga
and 'YES! there are going to final' after Gotze's ball was denied by Mitch langerak
i felt like 'okay, chances are still there' when Alonso and Lahm missed
the best penalty shoot out i have ever seen
HIT THE BAR! NEUER HITS THE BAR
nice one Langerak
come on BVB!!!
why bother with plain looking nasi goreng belacan when you could have nasi goreng kambing Barra?
4-3-2-1 formation
@adlynadnan someone is on weed.......
bayern are lining up the best men against dortmund, i reckon they really want to win this match so much
me and my jealousy
i am both of it, but the latter one suits me well #previousRT
puff puff
this blunt is good! i did not even cough from its smoke nor having light headed
@amalynkenzou amalin, dm dekat melati number phone Sarah yg baru
what a good run.
have to start morning jog early than b4 as of now since the roads are going to be hustled at 8
@shakiraroslan95 hmm that is one silly face contortion
@nrlazira are you mad at me?
@ni5nash the only thing edible about u is ur repartee! haha. i wonder wht would you be if you're a food? could it be a pizza?
@ni5nash you too! but unfortunately, you are not edible! hahaha
@the_yuniversity what does 'wax on, wax off' mean?
@shefamira oh okay, so you are below than hot?. that means you are lukewarm or suam suam kuku in malay. ok jk!
@nrlazira dont know! i was just making an assumption! hahaha
@nrlazira huh? you could steal someone's heart but you could not steal an earpod? what the F
@nrlazira steal it! hahaha
@ni5nash you're (fries) exuding your sexiness profusely and making me want to devour you
@jeylaxoxo HAHAHAHA pisheng pun pisheng leww
@jeylaxoxo see! i told you that farah azila should be in TL. Farah Azila pukes rainbow while finalists dewi remaja do not! haha
we give so much fuck to mawar rashid's ignorance and overlooked the bigger picture of current issue #PrayForNepal
@jeylaxoxo becosh fawah azhila ish shoo pwetty and evyone shud know! leuls!
you have soo much time disparaging mawar rashid, why don't you use your time to grieve our deceased muslim brothers and sisters in nepal
@jeylaxoxo lepas ni penuhkan TL dgn Farah Azila pula
starring at the mess i made as you turn, and you take your heart and walk away
@penwontbite imagine if this movie was dubbed to malay language.
why don't you just drop dead?
@theredora i actually could not get what are you trying to say haha lol. that aside, how's ur holiday so far?
@theredora eh? are you working or something?
semester break is where you could sleep and wake up any time you want without feeling worried
The Fray-Hold my hand
but that does not mean i hate to be complimented
i really don't like that complacent feelings i would always have when people are extolling me
gym is too much. i prefer to perspire with outdoor activities where i could breath fresh air
but i REALLY like the unfathomable feeling of perspiration in the morning
i don't feel like doing my mornin jog coz i don't have enough sleep
morning
@dewipmy hahaha malu la
adlyn, are you alluding that you are a person who loves to play hard-to-get

I  just calling it “jeopardizing my future”
@zariftwinkle aku pun terkejut sial
what i wanted was her attention what she gave was a cold shoulder
woke up! what a nightmare
@amalynkenzou haha i wanted to be the first person to wish.
eye duh and nisa
kiss me-Ed Sheeran
pundek, bila nak lepak dkt shah alam? @ftnln
my "i miss you" are limited. when i say "i miss you" to someone i literally miss that person

almonds ain't even got titties
@afsa75 @ilhamfitri95 hahaha insyAllah!
'you American are very creative with your sexual innuendo' lol
@syazareenass Kim jung un terberak dalam seluar time interview
@ilhamfitri95 @afsa75 mana ada gempak.... okay gempak sikit je. hahahaha
@syazareenass kelakar beno Kim Jung Un dalam cerita ni.
@afsa75 @ilhamfitri95 power! power! susah betul nak capai level tahap idola ni! hahahaha
the banters have given a sign to subside. let's not prolong this banter on mawar rashid. I'm sure you all are also quite ignorant of gst
@ilhamfitri95 steady la abam Am hensem kacak lagi bergaya berfutsal di malam hari
@tyraaathira hai akak planner! when will you start your class? how was your holiday?
happy 22th @amalynkenzou !! goshhh i miss hanging out with you and with other 2 berayuks!
"They hate us because they ain't us" -The Interview
a song to grieve the lost love, The Mess I Made by Parachute
Parachute-The mess i made
it is fine. my knowledge of GST is also 6%
let's head home. i need an elixir for my cough
3-0 is enough to demoralize any team who are on the losing side
Moyes-his former team prior to his former team are thrashing his former team.
let us put aside mawar rashid and start talking about United, WTF! i thought they really could outrun Everton
Biffy Clyro-Biblical
composition of mawar rashid
44% make up
50% influence on social network
6% GST
the banters on mawar rashid are strong.
i was being brazen saying ' i miss you' and all. sorry aneecha
dewiiiii send dekat melati number phone amalin kenzo @dewipmy
@shefamira omg!. i'm literally blushing right now. i have never thought a hot girl would ever think of me
@shefamira who? me?
some random ikan bilis just pricked my upper gum during lunch. such a spoiler
no one could get sick with 'under cover of darkness'. it is an ear candy. especially its intro
The Strokes-Last nite.. and under cover of darkness will be played subsequently
unlike others, my sense of fashion is low, so you will always see my tousled hair and austere attire
"tak reti berfesyen ke?"
and i also couldn't prolong any conversation. i am becoming a recluse
i seems to have lost my sense of humor. i could not even insinuate witty joke in any conversations
grum+hap (py) Sunday

Rest in peace. 
roll one smoke one when we live this we're supposed to party. living young wild and free
Arctic Monkeys-Leave before the lights come
that was a good run. nothing could beat running while listening to your favourite songs
morning jog
we all need attentions from someone, especially someone particular... refute it if you don't have any feelings
i was laughing, felt a slightly skeptical and cried a little bit because the movie was slightly mawkish
if you are searching for a movie with spice of life genre, i would suggest Hector and The search for happiness
@aidaneesa well i guess it's true when people say it's hard to find clothes tailored to one's tastes
@aidaneesa well improvise then, or maybe you could find hijab or shawl that are suit to your dresses
@aidaneesa that is merely your imagination..
@amirasyafiqahh_ you have a BIG family there
Hector and The search for Happiness
i wonder if they could still remember me.... maybe they have graduated from their degree
but they were not there, gosh i miss them so much, i guess i have left them for quite a time
i was expecting old timers and good timers would play at kolej delima
futsal
won't go home without you remains to be my favourite
i could barely remember who i was for the past few days.. arghhh i am so bored
Harold and Kumar trilogy
shimmy shimmy ya-Wu Tang Clan
the distance between us makes us so hard to stay
every day, with every worthless word make us more far away
Maroon 5-Nothing lasts forever
Breaking Benjamin-Had enough
the downpour came right after i woke up. i could feel the sky is grieving for me...
i had a dream of you again. that was 3rd times in 3 days. what has gotten into me.
Indo drama are far more ridiculous than malay drama.
@aidaneesa @nadiraieqa happy 20th ika
profusely perspired from morning jog
morning jog...
lately, i have been wallowing in self-pity to fall asleep.
Maroon 5-How
3 Days Grace-chalk outline
a witty guy and his unrequited feelings

“Immeasurable” is figurative: Lov…
@adlynadnan of course i am. and you have not dm me your number yet. lol
@adlynadnan okay someone is too busy with her mcdonald meals
@adlynadnan hai anastasia, it is me gray, could you dm me your number?
@adlynadnan belanja la
a time machine going back to those days
porto were too complacent with their goal deficit.
i think bayern have more chances than any teams to grab the trophy.
bayern are sublime this season. lost 1-3 to porto in 1st leg and atoned their loss with 6-1(7-4 agg)
2 European giants have confirmed their spots to the semi final berth of ucl. can't wait for semi final matches
jog..
Wu Tang Clan-stomp da roach
will Suarez execute nutmeg on psg player again?
@aidaneesa lol sorry.
signal
akmal is back on whatsapp
@jeylaxoxo wuuu pandai masak! Nak rasa la air tangan farah azila
If yu luv me riite, we fuck fur laif
Huv been sleepin teh whule tay
I guess wedges are meant to be fried not baked. They are all limp after they're baked
The Fray-Hold my hand dedicated to aneecha
hellish weeks are over but why my heart is still restless?
you know you are head over heels for someone when s/he could not stop linger in your thoughts
under cover of darkness-the strokes .
could i just leave my belongings and bring only my laptops and my thesaurus ??
ummi will arive soon and i have yet to pack my belongings
biffy clyro-black chandelier
@mazliyanamaarof what happened? i thought you were on your way home?
yes! i could care less, but i don not want too.
then my conscience hit me "why are you concerning so much of someone who is barely care about you, you could care less could you not?"
A Fire Inside//okay, i feel better now
i hope you suffer! #np
exceeding a thousand nights (instrumental) #np
i have so much to say but you are so far away
goshhh her voice when she was waking up from sleep was soo mellow...
maybe i have too much sentimental value on this place
i should be hppy tht i will be home soon but why my heart is soo reluctant to leave this place?
me currently 
errr dont you think you are too clingy with your dictionary??? - self rambling
to make it worse, it is in female hostel. i feel as though living in a lousy confinement but with full of girls
i dont feel excited to come home since my home is in hostel of uitm. it does not exude anything that could be related to "home"
@aidaneesa @NadiraIeqa well i am not particular with this matter, but i only want to say, is it not too much inconvenient?
banters towards David Luiz are strong
@NadiraIeqa banyaknyaa baju aidaa
i mean, it does not have to be you, they could use his car, his figure or anything that is not related to you....
i utterly ABHOR when people are using you to specify his details. it pisses me off!!!
canvas #np
i thought you were studying, why i can see your retweet in my time line??
damn could not comprehend the meaning of 'vicarious'.
WHY I CAN NOT REVISE ZEALOUSLY?????
@apis_malik @AdlynAdnan adlin is a masochist
hai orang united kingdom! have not heard of you for quite a time @sirmegato
back to boobs...i mean books
i want to be a person who'd be happy when you're at the pinnacle n be the one who perks you up at your nadir @aidaneesa
@AIENNAA  tak tahu. baca je la
@AIENNAA focus dkt tajuk road, water supply, drainage, sanitary system dgn tnb
back to be studious .. infra seems insurmountable to answer with sheer general knowledge
her voices is still lingering in my made.
that phone call i made was impromptu,i improvised on what should i say, i apologized for my blunders and she replied with mellow giggles
i would dictate my heirs to speak english and impart the perks of being fluent of it
@AdlynAdnan i will take that as a yayy that would go hanging out!  hahaha
@AdlynAdnan haha okay! then we will go with your preferences
@AdlynAdnan okay! let us lepak at rafi bistro seksyen 18
@AdlynAdnan safe trip back to shah alam adlyyynnn! i will hang out with you any time if you want




she scoffed at my diligence.. LOL
@aidaneesa @HawaMahadzir  okay :(
@HawaMahadzir @aidaneesa layan movie dulu. malam nnti baru buat revision
could i get something to remember you by since this semester would be our last semester
chesed curry puff
be my baby, i will look after you
this song is really reminiscent of you..
fans are grieving
look after you #np
so, have Dortmund found a replacement for Jurgen Klopp??
The Wombats-greek tragedy #glitterbug

Tweet us your tributes to the charismatic coach... #UCL 
Dortmund would no longer be the same formidable team without Klopp. thanks for good times tht you had given to us..
russ chimes-targa
wahhhh!! it is two days left before my final paper and i have yet to revise anything bcoz i was too busy wallowing in self-pity
i have a rendezvous. not sure if i should be happy or distraught
speaking of cigar. i never like them.. though i smoke them occasionally
@aidaneesa oh okay. you want to return my thumbdrive right?
i dont like when girls footing my food bill. it leaves a bitter taste. bitter as a taste of tobacco in my mouth after a smoke of cigar
@aidaneesa err.what do you mean by 'we'?
@aidaneesa goodluck
i have been always trying hard to impress you.but it seems he knows better how to.
my previous tweet was literal.. man my life is a movie
i had a dream of you and woke up after i heard a whimper. it turned out it was my whimper and tears were trickle sheer from my eyes
but i would say it's not easy to find friends who could console you with subtle jokes that could render you forget about your troubles
they say it's easy to find friends to laugh with you but not easy to find friends to cry with
lately they have made laugh so much.maybe they knew what i have been through.
my friends and my roomates may be sleazy and depraved. they always be the obnoxious ones but when it comes to console, they never fail
i am the only person who needs to change i suppose........
someone looks nice immaculate and vivacious in red.i am melted
the way it was
what the fuck am i yammering...
oh and the blame of the fiasco is solely put on me... yeah.. i accept that since i am the sole person who feel i how i feel inside
@aidaneesa or we could use an intermediary
@aidaneesa i'll be at the library around 10 till noon. come over to get ur pics if you still have the WILLINGNESS..
@shfqhzainal aida aneesa
@shfqhzainal aida aneesa
i dont even want to hear your name, your voices or anything regarding to you
so aghast and full of angst for land use paper
@AZMINA_MIN03 thanks
i mean studious
2 papers left.. no problem. i will be relentless, i will studios
foods at uptown are somehow extortionate
4 down. 2 to go
i wish i could remove memories i have had with you just like i removed you from twitter
@Jeylaxoxo hahaha weyy, what happened to you la? mine is because i rubbed my nose too rough
@Jeylaxoxo me too.. but mine is bleeding though
that was the last pic of you i ever liked in insta....
pulling an all-nighter for ctu
@Jeylaxoxo weyy. that was merely a a joke.i did not mean to be contentious. sekeling-keling farah azila, keling lagi akmal shah
@Jeylaxoxo maybe because your moniker is "ajey" sounds quite indian to me lol
@AcangJamree ohh okay! someone is flaunting its brand new iphone 6 on twitter...
@Jeylaxoxo which akmal? hahaha me? or some other akmal ?
she was sitting that with plain face actually, THE adverb "beautifully" was a mere embellishment for my remark
@mazliyanamaarof futsal court that adjacent to sepak takraw court..
@Jeylaxoxo whose side are you?
@Jeylaxoxo arsenal vs liverpool is getting intense. arsenal is taking the lead.
@mazliyanamaarof  it was an honest remark though. i was totally engrossed looking at you. could not focus on futsal until you left
i am not a freak okay!! it is seldom these days to see someone would go out just sitting idly under the rain
while evryone seeking shelter frm rain,she was sitting beautifully under the rain with her cap on.rare sight but beautiful-@mazliyanamaarof
i am up for the clash!! #bvbvsbayern
@aidaneesa gotta collect them all
someone looks nice with short hair
fast furious 7 anyone?
@elliarohim oh and guten morgen in advance
@elliarohim LOL i was surprised too at the beginning.. to be frank, i had no idea wht was going on since monday except for final exam
2 papers down, many many many ordeal fuckinf shit load to go surmount..
urban eco at 8.30... mentally prepared?? not so certain
The Wombats-Greek Tragedy
the pain in this heart is giving me a slight sign of subsiding..
couldnt wait any longer for Breaking Benjamin to release their new album! listening to Failure is enough to make me excited #darkbeforedawn
Can't get a sight of spring! #PartOfGoetze #springtime <OK HAND SIGN><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
&lt;--- sole person who will be sitting for urban eco tomorrow. me is such a cretin...
6 degrees of separation
@Jeylaxoxo hahaha how are you feeling now farah azila? still feverish?
@AlitchaAtcjali goodnite arisyaaa
okay.. farah azila does not like my get well soon wish
@Jeylaxoxo awwwwwwwwwww get well soon Farah azilaaa..
@lim_sierra booooo
@lim_sierra i am pretty certain of it. what else would a woman need in this world other than rich, good-looking and affectionate hubby?
@lim_sierra replace 'get a good job' with 'get a rich and good looking husband that would not look at other women'
Eminem-When i am gone
Breaking Benjamin-  Sooner or later
whenever i feel sad or melancholy, i would listen to breaking benjamin songs, their lyrics as if grieve for me,
you took the breath out of me
you left a hole where my heart should be
maybe i slow could talk to miss syaz and explain my dire situation
have not submitted my infra
@aidaneesa including infra?
morgennn! @aidaneesa
@AdlynAdnan hahaha you live in shah alam too? maybe we could meet whenever you are available..
@AdlynAdnan my last paper will be on 17th april, i have 7 papers left though!! imma cry......
@AdlynAdnan my next paper will be on friday and saturday..
@AdlynAdnan i am pretty anxious actually, i did not write reference at the end of my essay, when is your next paper adlin?
@AdlynAdnan to be blatant, it was pretty fked up. i was 15 minutes late, my head was delirious, though everythng went well ..
shingeki no kyojin will be produced in live action! HOOLLYY SHITTT
adlinnnn, how was bel? @AdlynAdnan
@AdlynAdnan okay adlin, thanks for the info, see you tomorrow, dont forget to bring your examination slip.
@AdlynAdnan arhhgh i do not think i could do bel tutorial right now, my hand is full.. literally. do you know when is its due date?
@AdlynAdnan hahaha okay! have assignments need to be done though. goodnight adlin.
@AdlynAdnan i did not do anything weyyy?! i dont understand what to do
@AdlynAdnan did you do the tutorial given by madam?
@elliarohim tell me about it
BEST OF LUCK FOR TOMORROW'S PAPER @AdlynAdnan *wishing emphatically*
have not made any preparation to sit for bel 311 tomorrow..
avenged sevenfold-so far away
@aidaneesa share a slice with me
what would happen to him? i conjecture he is heading to better days....
story of  "A man with his unrequited love" has ended because he's decided to relinquish and the girl he likes has found someone special
@ni5nash your parents?
maybe this anguish would make me wiser
maybe this pain would render me grow stronger
maybe after this ordeal i could go further
@ni5nash i wish life could be easy as that....
could we still joke around like before?
someone turns 21 today! happy belated birthday kak @elliarohim
@twt_malaysia listen to  melancholy and maudlin songs coz i just got allusively rejected :(
breaking benjamin-forget it
he is a lucky guy i must say..
i wish i could return to the exact time where i first greeted you...
Breaking Benjamin- better days
hold me closely coz i need you to guide me to safety
lee dewyze - me and my jealousy ...
i have caring friends and an affectionate family that i would miss, but never had a special companion to do so,.
to @afiqqfarhann , i am very sorry to have been so crude towards you and your fellows. thus, i implore for your forgiveness..
i prefer the first one, but the latter one seems impending
or i just have to find someone who has your resemblance..
maybe, someday, by chance, we would be reconciled.....
futsal la mari.
just need a chance.. not going to have a change of heart after this....
betsuniiii *fidgeting*
he will never love you like i can
a little time should do the healing
time passes, things change every day 
but wounds,
 wounds heal but the scars remain the same
@NrlAzira *including me
@NrlAzira does everyone including have a mood swing today?
still in love but all i heard was nothing
my heart is looking for its niche from the rain
my mates are all there trying to calm me down coz i am shouting your name all over the down

Freiburg move out of bottom three with invaluable victory over @FCAugsburg #SCFFCA



@Aubameyang7 on @BVB's desire to keep climbing the table


hey, if you could do something to soothe this damaged heart, what would you do? i need a frank answer
my iphone is broken and obsolete, could not face time.. jeles shikit.
Violets Are Blue
Yamcha is Dead
No, seriously.
Can someone gather the Dragon Balls?
#WorldPoetryDay
"@AnimalsReacts When someone you hate walks into the club 
ahhhh i am loathing my favorite songs coz they are evocative to those sweet times..
well i dont really mind if it is ephemeral or perpetual amnesia, as long i could forget that certain someone as of now
is there any prescribed medicine that could render me to have amnesia perpetually,i want to forget a certain someone,
*sigh* i guess i am a third person now. #selfproclaim
may i administer few drop heel in his face. please.. pretty please. i merely want to wipe that smug on his face with my leo shoes
let this agony consume me
@ilhamfitri95 jangan melampau! hahaah kalau aku hensem kacak bergaya, abiang ilhamfitri 100 kali lagi hensem kacak bergaya.
@ilhamfitri95 tak sado punn. abam ilhamfitri hensem tak berfutsal ke hari ni? hahaha
what has gotten into me lately??
tryin to impart, "just let it go, the world is vast, you could find many girls perhaps better like her, maybe it is not your luck"
"you are apt to do something without a single deliberation!" yeah my behavior mostly are impetuous. fuck you.
oh well no one would want someone mediocre as me. gotta to accept the shit axiom
you and him are axiomatically together now. me iz sad
Hurts-somebody to die for
i suppose i was the only person who felt fucked up..
last night was.... i dont know.. had to put a happy facade and behaved as if i was enjoying my time...it was pretty fucked up to be blatant
have to bear this pain in my heart. i dont think i have something that would assuage this pain.
i dont think they would want to resume the futsal for planning sport day..
@AdlynAdnan goshh i still have lots of handful assignments need to be done!
@AdlynAdnan omg, just look how many time have passed, i cant  believe final is a week left. have not revised anything yet, demmit!
seeking for songs that would help me pacing forward out of this angish
i nodded,a smile flickered from your beautiful visage, and you said "could you not be more honest?" in your timid jest. my heart melted
i was tryin to say "YES! I HAVE BEEN MISSING YOU ALL THIS TIME" but my mouth didnt seem trying utter what was in my head
in my dream, you were walking beside me so close, i could feel your timidness and then suddenly, you asked me "have you been missing me?"
i just had a dream of you in my nap. gosh you were soo beautiful.or more like stupendous
i will find what lies beaneath your sick twisted smiles,
as i lie underneath your cold jadded eyes
now you turn your tide on me, coz you are so unkind
but i am gonna cry or whatsover,this is not the first. i went through this circumstances few times and i should be able to get over it again
should i feel sad about it? yes! i ought too!
the door was always closed.. only i did not perceive it.
@akmlshh one thing for certain.. i have never been on winning side regardless of what i have done bcoz she did not want me to be on it
it makes sense now, all of your allusion... i can already conclude.. i should have realized our barrier beforehand.
getting jealous after i saw that tweet
if Edsheeran was a glue...Ed-hesive.. okay not funnehhh
hey! hey! i can not refrain my snot oozing out from my nose. followers ought to give a fuck
today, a month a go, my iphone broke down for an unknown reason.. i hope the damage is not tooo serious..
@akmlshh aidadada
hai, you look gorgous with your black and white stripe tshirt today..
me? dont worry of me. i am fine (seriously, please be worried of me.i am not fine at all. please lavish me with all your attentions)
happy(not really) to know that
it seems you have found the person you have been looking for to replace the one who had given you the anguish.
@aidaneesa i am falling harder
that pain of having a crush on you was soo beatiful. now the beauty has  faded and supplanted by agony...
@aidaneesa because they have fetish for them.. i suppose
@aidaneesa oooh! yes i am! i have lots of resemblance to pooh
@aidaneesa call me pooh as of now. lol
@aidaneesa i wish that bear is me
girls, how do you usually wear a hair clip. guide me pleashhh?
@afiqqfarhann @ftnln afiq farhan do not intervene us. go fap fap you nigger.
&lt;---- mok awak!  @ftnln
@mazliyanamaarof i should be apologizing though. it seemed as though i had annoyed you. sorry
@aidaneesa morgen Raof's daughter! havea nice day

quickly, let's leave, before the lights come on, because then you dont have to see what you have done.
&lt;----- not in anybody's heart :(
morgen!
@EyeDaleee hahaha buka kamus la
i dont have the modicum of what is happening to me after i received that reply direclty...
@mazliyanamaarof yesterday's evening. you were walking with your friend in front of uk. gosh i felt as if i was a perv the time
@eyedaleee sedap tak roti tadi?
all this shit are exasperating. it debilitates me. I'm not adroit handling feeling matters.
trying to accept what's happened and what's happening withoutgetting pissed or weeping any tears
Eminen-beautiful pain. an apt song to get into the mood
let me wallow in self-pity, let me revel in self-loathing. i will be fine. i just need some times
my insides are clamoring,my body is tingling,my mind is numb though my facade is calm as i strolling aimlessly, seeking for solace...
using the same remark to banter is repugnant, you made yourself pretty much as a dolt
feeling sluggish and drwosy, barely perspired..
me was trying to greet @mazliyanamaarof properly,me lost composure at the final moment and got her name wrong..ran with tail between legs
AIDAAAAAAAAAA *bellowing at top of my lungs*
go ahead, guffaw and banter my foolishness. you all don't feel what i feel
i am still hoping that my feeling would be reciprocated even i have already known you won't.
i like how the illuminating the gloomy sky tonight. its radiant shine reminds me to your exuberance
@_nhdyhkhld @KFCmalaysia the illustrations of their food is always a sham
that moment when you wince when you perceive a thunder flicker above.. powwwww!!
@anakpacikshafee alaaaaa takleh nak RT twitpic ni!!
    Much Friday
        Very end of week
      Many happy 
  #thankdogeitsfriday
i could not choose.. i am not wise to make to make a big decision.
*imbecile
i nailed my speaking test. the ambience was tense, my group-mates was bafffled and i was stammering like an embecile
@TwtUpCampus morgenn!! i start my day with Teddy Picker from Arctic Monkeys!
@aidaneesa really? haha . i guess i have been overthinking :P
i have to admit. i like it when her squinted eyes gazes at me :&gt;
so worry of you..
@aidaneesa i heard you were feeling down lately.

boi: u look preti tudai

gurl: awe thankz 

boi: preti fat ........ bich

rt if cri evrytiem
@aidaneesa where are you? how have you been doing? are you fine? i .... you
trying to accept what has happened and what is happening to me without getting exasperated
@TwtUpCampus pull all nighters,sleep at day or in humdrum lectures.or fatigue urself up so you could sleep early,the latter one often works
imma compose a love letter for you

Send us YOU recreating the move with #bundeslogo 
Awak : Biskut,cikgu. 
Cikgu : <UNAMUSED FACE><UNAMUSED FACE>
Awak : Don't stop me 
where are the consolations when i need some?
Hard luck for BISA, but they certainly deserve big plaudits! the gave hell of a run to Building Utd. @Unit_Sukan
have i not fucked up enough??
i cant believe i was holding steadfastly to the forlorn hope that my iphone could be fixed..
@aidaneesa .
@aidaneesa bob says  sorry HAHAHAHA
@aidaneesa what did he say though? he told me he was talking quite harshly to you.
@aidaneesa ohhhh okayyyyyyyyyyyyy
@aidaneesa i apologize for behalf of my firend bob
@hanifzuddin busy main bar hahaha
would i be thinking other person just like how i've thnking of you? wht would have happened to you?would ur circumstances be the same as me?
would i be living the same life as now?
i've been thinking,wht would have happened if we hadnt met? would it be better?would i feel the same as i feel right now?
stalking.............. think not


@aidaneesa and you were not wearing glasses right? hahaha
@aidaneesa you were wearing white shirt, black track suit pants right?
@dewipmy kalau nak rasa macam dulu2 kena la lepak al rafi bistro!! hahahaha
@dewipmy kalau september insyaAllah boleh kot haha
@dewipmy bila lagi dewi nk malaysia? rindu la nk lepak..
aidadada sangat comel hari ni!!
@dewipmy bye dewi..i really wish we could rendezvous, but circumctances are impeding :(
have a safe flight to germany..
teratai are quite lively despite of holiday
@aidaneesa i would be your trampoline if you fall
@aidaneesa hmmm how about 300 boxes of pizza as a dowry? sounds yummy and cheesy?
@aidaneesa "could you not be more absurd? how about a dowry?" says akmal in his chuckle
@aidaneesa what do you want in your pow? money? pizza?
@aidaneesa sorry.. i will delete that tweet promptly
safe trip back to selangor (っ˘з˘)っ~<BLACK HEART SUIT> @aidaneesa
@azmina_min03 ninaaaaaa!
i could not even get any notifications, no mails and no fine shizz. i really hate pressing my fingers on this qwerty keypad
when i could get my iphone back? it is suck onlining twitter via symbian phone
@azmina_min03 hai! tell your friend she looks nice in hijab!

Most Hattricks
Most goals
Most assists

In history of La Liga and he is 27 years old. 
aching neck
i just wish i could be THE type of guy of your preferences
Touch My Body-Mariah Carey
have to online via pc because phone is under frickin repair
@mazliyanamaarof lol, i could not. i was playing futsal right beside the netball court. you would not recognize me even if i say "hi" though
@mazliyanamaarof saw you at extracurricular activities today!
Fans should provide solace to players! They are students too! They have the same amount of stress as other students(fans) @Unit_Sukan
And the 4th goal rendered the whole team distraught . Nothing could be salvaged anymore, though congratulation to Building @Unit_Sukan
The players started to lose motivation after Building fc dilated the gargantuan gap of 2-0 with 3! @Unit_Sukan
It was a big, BIG LOSS! Planning fc were lacking strength, paces and solidarity! The match was lethargic n insipid @Unit_Sukan
I have never flicked, feinted, and dashed as much as today.. Tired and perspired!

Marco Reus reveals the reasons behind his new @BVB contract decision 
Oh shit! I could not clear my conscious whether i should cut my hair or not!
Afiq jahat hensem
Muahhh
I should have not bothered ey? I will change my passcode promptly
Guess whose birth date I'm using as my phone passcode.. @aidaneesa
I'm just a creep, I'm a weirdo.-Radiohead 

"Takda buat apa pun, Hakim Negara je."

"Laa kebetulan, I pun Hakim Negara. Kah kah kah !"

#Raky…
I will keep this feeling and refrain it from taking its toll.
Regardless what i say or what i do,your feeling towards me won't change.
I DONT WANT ANYONE ELSE!!
@aidaneesa which "them" are you talking about? :(
Cc @aidaneesa “@MOVIEMEMORlES: The Fault In Our Stars 
Lol Liverpool “@Footballltrolls: Lmao.. 
@Jeylaxoxo hahaha! Of course, that vermin wanted to be lavished with praise like "it is okay, you look beautiful the way you are".
Neesaa?? What happened to aida?
Ai-duhh?
What are you doing this late Farah Azila? Hahaha
Hai Farah Azila!
Aston Villa equalised!
Goalll! Hull take the lead
@aidaneesa napew awuck cakawp ittew nie wempitz?
Windu awuck jugeww“@aidaneesa: rinduuuuuuu”
@aidaneesa no, you are just hallucinating
Hary Kane 2-1ArseAnal


I'm ambivalent which renders GIS as a pain in the ass, is it the subject itself? The requirement to strive for the subject? Or The lecturer
I have been looking for the answer for one and a half year! Dammit!
Lol. Okay! Now I notice why Miss Adila's face seems familiar, her visage has much resemblance to Dewi's!
Sleeping  pattern disrupted. I couldn't sleep at night, feeling sluggish and drowsy at day, and always having delirium in the morning
@dewipmy dewi pakai number ni untuk whatsapp tak?

Me: 

The moment Tranquillo Barnetta put @s04_en ahead #S04BMG #Bundesliga 
@dewipmy dewi, dm kt melati number phone dewi..
THAT WAS HELL OF A SLUMBER!
@dewipmy saya jauh la awak! Di perak! Dewi ada kt malaysia sampai bila? Kirim salam kt sarah nnti
Mmmmmm i miss to be part of them :(
I'm sick of pulling all nighters.. I barely sleeping for 3 days!! Being grouped in the last batch of old syllabus is suck!
@dewipmy hai! Keluar tak ajak!

Clouds gather &amp; formed a finger. The middle finger.

Neymar - 219 goals

Cristiano Ronaldo - 107 goals 

Happy birthday Prince Neymar.. 
My lullaby 

@Manuel_Neuer greets former @s04_en teammate Atsuto Uchida, who played his 100th #Bundesliga match ht…
No! No! Please do not bury all those kitties!! What have they done to deserve that sort of violence :,(

I like the way you changed your pace to "omaigad! It is him! Scram!" from dawdling walk to class #akmalisattentivetohissurrounding
Koladine-High Hopes
Okayyy! “@aidaneesa: i wanna be yrs-”
I'm having a love sick!
Parachute-Under Control
The Parachute-Kiss me slowly
You always have a friend who would attend to your problems and render solace to you, but have u ever thought who are there for him\her??
And due to that, i would become curious and sceptical when someone is being nice to to me. Usually tht person would have a covert intention
It is okay, I'm used to be avoided and shunned. I have habituated with the sore feeling
FUTSAL!
I'm going to matter you anymore
I'm fatigued of giving allusion. You are already what it is right?
This depressing atmosphere is nauseating me
Why tonight seems dull and melancholy?
I'm craving for attentions. unfortunately, the attentions i have had were not the particular attention I wanted too!
@Unit_Sukan their 2nd goal was great! Planning Fc's number 8 slalomed through Emas Perak's defenders and netted into low corner exquisitely
Trips have taken one win and one draw in 2 fixtures of grouping stage. Vamoss! Keep the pace lads!!
I don't know what fixture i was watching, was it Champions League of Uitm Perak's Trips vs E.M or Bundesliga's Werder Bremen vs Dortmund?
I guess i could not smoke cigar even if i wanted to..
@aidaneesa teheeeee :P
@aidaneesa consume some paracetamol la
@sulphates and their daddy says, Urusei kuso gaki!!
Fuck you extra-curricular activities!
Malay can suffix any word with "lah" and "doh" Baikdoh! Cantikdoh! Babilah kalau kau!
@aidaneesa 
Asinine is an innuendo of stupid.. Sounds fancy to carry such a meaning
@aidaneesa a nibble is fine right??
@aidaneesa comelnya hidung! I feel as if i want to bite it!

WHY IS SHE HERE WHEN SHE HAS THE FLU.

WHY

GOD WHY

DON'T ABANDON ME

GOD?

GO-
Caught a cold for the first time in 2015
I would like to on a date with you once. But i guess it is not going to happen
@mazliyanamaarof hmm well, different persons different circumstances. I don't like both though. They are pain in the arse
NOnut “@ShuehaidaZainal: Conut”
@mazliyanamaarof i would say " not yet to be bad". Wait until the examination week. Everyone would whine how bad their lives are
@mazliyanamaarof i mean a sour one..
@mazliyanamaarof it is okay though, life as a student always a grumpy one hahah
@ayshardzn today is my birthday too!

Jangan risau, Rosmah adalah ibu kpd seluruh rakyat Ms…
@mazliyanamaarof wow, your daily life must be mostly melancholic
Sakura Mitsu Tsuki
Guess who has reached 20 today.. Not me. I'm still a teen!! An adolescent boy
I have been kept asking myself, "how long an i going to hold on false hope?"
@aidaneesa don't forget your bath too!!
@aidaneesa morning aida. Don't forget perform your subuh!
&lt;-- still awake “@aidaneesa: semua tidur. tsk tsk”
Open whatsapp once an our to see your "last seen stamp"
If the old me could see how I'm stumbling with my cgpa right now, he would have tried his might to get A for his english in spm
@aidaneesa yeah, i do not believe you, it is not like I don't want to, it is because i could not..
@aidaneesa sounds absurd when people are not superficial, regardless who they are, they have their own preference on appearance, right?
@aidaneesa really?? what would you do if i say i like you?
@anakpacikshafee sarah sihat sarah? Rindu sarah la ;(
@anakpacikshafee sarahhhhhhhhh!! Dah lama tak nampak tweet sarahh!!
female student of SI,be attentive of your surroundings at night, there are cases where our students became victims of exhibitionist lately

Date your gr…

21 year old me: please help

1. Sass

2. Insults

3. Inappropriate sexual humor

LIAR

YOU’RE A LIAR

YOU ARE LYING
Ajl gua fak, assignments gua fak, burger uptown gua fak, roomate pegang kunci tak balik gua fuck!
@KittyKookies nak ngorat boleh?! Hihiho
Munich! #scarsandstories 

• plane tickets
• clothing
• college
• everything

*not the toy i wanted*

*not happy*
@aidaneesa but I'm still cute right? Right??
&lt;-- comel “@aidaneesa: ^ comelnyaaaaaa”

*siiiiighhhhh* i wish i could join them too! 
Breaking Benjamin! #wearenotalone 
@shefamira when one entered the phase of 20, s/he would start to complain like a grumpy old geezer. And feel like one

[suh-GEY-shuhs]

(adj.) wise

Jo sought the SAGACIOUS (but perverted) Master Roshi for advice. 
@Jeylaxoxo it is okay to sigh sometimes right? I sigh every time
Iphone6 is damn nice!!
That was one hell of a meal for a supper!
@faraawanis quite far guess. Just like from shah alam to kl. I went there once. Uitm tapah was pretty deep in rural area
@faraawanis no, i still have 3 semester ahead. I have to repeat 1 semester
@faraawanis I'm in semester 4 currently!
The reason why some of you are single because your preferences looking for bf/gf are fucking cockamamie!! #previousRT
@faraawanis it would be great! Tell me if you have any plan to visit uitm Si. I will come in a jiffy!
&lt;-- uitm SI “@faraawanis:siapa sayang saya, bolehlah buktikan sayang tu dengan menghantar makanan kat Alpha 8, UiTM Tapah ni. terima kasih.”
“@GeniusFootball: Paul Scholes! 
I do not wish to be busy as everyone. I just wish to have a companion
IT IS A DICK! IT IS A DICK! “@autocorrects: That moment when.. 

@aidaneesa i could not feel the same way you felt when you were in that circumstance.but I understand how it feels when a trust is betrayed
"Fapped! Liberated" -Subhan 2013
Finally! I have found a replacement to supplant my tattered bracelet
When are you going to get yourself . Boyfriend? “@aidaneesa: so.. my brother got himself a new girlfriend.....”
Crap! I got the wrong "Farah azila"
Who is this farah azila?
“@FootballFunnys: Football! 
Staying at home for new year. Just like the prior years
Let's get undressed.... Cause i have not had bath for 3 days!
Kuso babaa!
Hahahahahah! Gintama is the funniest!
@aidaneesa nyahahah! It was a futon actually! I had to wash it but i forgot to retrieve it before the downpour came! Haha
@NaimZainon @aidaneesa HOHOHO
My mattress are flooded “@aidaneesa: yg kat area banjir tu, stay safe :-)”

For atheists, two Tyrannosaurus Rex fighting over a cantaloupe.

Win-win. h…
@aidaneesa hmmm perhaps you texted me subconsciously...
@aidaneesa well you see, i am quite special, she made an exception for me hewhewhew
@aidaneesa ah! She did mention tht. I couldn't tweet the message in full detail because it has exceeded  140 characters
@aidaneesa your mama texted me.. She even mentioned "if you want to entice my daughter, entice her with pizza, she would not resisist LOL"
Akmalhadanobscencethoughtwhenhewasreplyinghertweet
@aidaneesa i want to be in your...... Thoughts when you are having pizza for christmas
Not your typical korean song 
“@The_YUNiversity: Here are eight #idioms about time. <HOURGLASS WITH FLOWING SAND><ALARM CLOCK>



Black shooter = entire race guilty 

White shooter = mentally troubled lone wolf
“@WowSoPunny: I'm dying <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><LOUDLY CRYING FACE> 
* dwelling
Another song from the bawdies! 
Love you in every way 
I grew up with beyblade and i once had a dogma that monsters were duelling inside of them and would appear during duels. Lol
When I'm losing my control, the city spinning around, you are the only one who knows to slow it down
Will you stay?? 
My fever does not show any sign to subside
I want you forever, forever n always, through the good and the bad and whatever 
“@Footy_Jokes: Liverpool xD 
@aidaneesa you should try to listen to this song. It is a good song
 Arsenal shots: 5. Arsenal goals: 2. 
Fever <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK><FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>
@nad_nanis you can have mine! Lol
@nad_nanis iphone 6??
I assume you were listening  to this song  when he was leaving you 
Werder Bremen vs BvB #Spieltach
Defeted after giving hell of a run to your contender is a honourable defeat.
Mind bogg…
I will keep your warm dancing in the downpour, and i will hold your body slowly turning 
1. Me neither
2. I don’t care
#np 
What else i could say? I have a penchant to do something out of circumspection..
@aidaneesa are we?
“@aidaneesa: yre the type of guy i wd date but im the kind of girl u wd nvr hve a crush on”
「君のいる町」保科 美友 
Sorry for having a fickle heart and doing something without discretion @aidaneesa
@aidaneesa
If you ever comeback #np
Still waiting for a grey avanza whose driver is a hardworking woman to fetch me up
In scale of 1 to syasya humaira, how big is your forehead? #banterofthenight
“@8Fact_Footballl: Did You Know That??? 
Safely reached shah alam . Not feeling elated at all. My humdrum christmas break commences
Traffic congested even though it is midnight..
Would you let me see your face once before i leave?
Vision VS Reality 
#TerbaikDariLangit 
Did not partake in gotong royong perdana because i am having a fever. Need to save some energy to carry luggages to pi tonight
Things i'd do during christmas break “@ImGirlCode: I like the Grinch Because it Accurately represents My Life <CHRISTMAS TREE> 
I kept trying albeit the answer was apparent.
Sometimes i wish i dont have any feelings so i could live my life without getting hurt
Fuck this feeling
I want to crumble the invulnerable wall you built, i want to reduce our margin and i want be the person who matters to you
My mind dictates to stop but my heart rebels
It seems so hard for you to have faith on me since yours was betrayed by the person you used to love
*there are
There is so much thought building in my head. I have sooo much to say to you but it seems like im being too circumspect
Hiroyuki Sawano-Call your name
I'm even slightly exited for Christmas  break,
@sulphates is this a Korean song? I dont have sufficient quota to play this video
&lt;--- just want to be mattered to her.. Just like the cat
@aidaneesa you laaa!!
I was told tht there was someone looks like you in our faculty. Well tht does not matter. You, yourself is better than anyone resembles you
@aidaneesa well you could ask him to be a cat.. Hmm i am certain he could be cuter than Stokinn :3
@aidaneesa i guess he really likes you! Lol
Feel the love 
@ShuehaidaZainal okay! I just perceived there is an error in my previous tweet! But seriously, your friend's typo is funny
Your mind would boggle if you could see how young-looking my bel lecturer is. She would look like student if dresses like one
Madam fatima is tooo young to be addressed as "madam" i would prefer to address her "miss" but she insisted to be called as "madam"
@ShuehaidaZainal Hahaha the best typo ever! Did your try to type "fatin" ??
@aidaneesa omaigosh! The butterfly has emerged from her cocoon and she even replied my tweet.  It is soo nice to be alive
Gonna be butterfly soon ---&gt; “@aidaneesa: my life as a cocoon 
My love goes down 
Aidooooo?
@sulphates thanks! I am ignorant about iPhone. This my first time
Can iphone overcharged??
I deviated from my endeavour, read dictionary instead of doing rehision
Disregard my tweets about you. Do not waste your time reading them
Practically, it is my fault for getting full of myself, i should not have had any thoughts tht you would come to like me
Breaking Benjamin-Lights out

Germany's @ChampionsLeague sides are ready for the knockout rounds 
Jealous of your ex because he had had the taste of your love while my love is still remain unrequited..
JUST SHUT UP ALREADY! I NEED TO CLEAR MY CONSCIENCE!!
Separation anxiety

1- cakap ke dia leklok.
2- cari pasangan. Mungkin dia akan give up.

Kalau payah, bagi dia peluang.…
Guy like me only welcomed to be a villain not a hero, villains do not get the girl, but heroes do..
Let us become strangers as we were before
And i am going to try all my might to not to inconvenience you
My feet are weary chasing you..seems like my efforts are all nugatory.. I'm going to cease my concern. I'll stop pestering
Skinny is sexy!
Akmal cute <FACE THROWING A KISS>

Jap nak tanya #KeeperKatMane ?
Sounds like a deception “@aidaneesa: eat snickers n yr pain will go awayy”
@hawaazyzee yeah.. Seriously
I have dropped my studio, may this decision could help me devote myself more on my repeat subject
#GGMU 
@aidaneesa that kindness endears you :3
The weather is making me sweat profusely, I'm lucky for not wearing something thick
My iphone feels too small to my hand...<NEUTRAL FACE>
I'm falling into you!
Hahahahaha “@FakhrulRazi99: AutoCAD class”
My palms are habituated with huge phone..using iphone makes me feel heretrical
@Jeylaxoxo really? I didn't hear tht.u were grimacing as if you were trying to say "omg! Who the fuck it this guy?Whatever I'm starving" :(
@mehroi apologize is verb, apology is noun (apologies is its plural noun)
@Jeylaxoxo well, your sight was slightly at me.. And then you ignored me...I was so jealous of the food tht time
My tweet is retweeted! apparently, someone is still awake
Forget It - Breaking Benjamin
Just saw @Jeylaxoxo at uptown. She was soo engrossed at the foods, she didn't perceive me even i had greeted few times. Me iz sad..

1. China

2. India

3. Friendzone

4. United States

5. Indonesia

Rugi tak bawak roti.
#unfollowAnwarHadi
@mazliyanamaarof hai. Guten morgen!
Goodnight aneecha!
Leave me a goodnight wish, so i could sleep tonight in comfort..please?
The sakura petal dancing on my palm. Beauteous, frail, ephemeral, reminds me of you.
I like pizza
You like pizza
I'm giving you my pizza
I love you like i love pizza
I'm beat! I'm weary! I'm seeking consolation in Dear Agony by Breaking Benjamin
You could at least have faith on me. Even if it is infinitesimal.
My feets are weary from the miles i have run
It is not right for you-The Script #NoSoundsWithoutSilence
@leesyaLO i have no sufficient strength to tell her :(
Yeahh! I can finally read 
What should i do to assure you tht i would not be like him?
Yeah my grammar is pretty broken, but i feel certain it is explicit enough to make you comprehend how am i thinking of you.
THE GIRLS THREE JESS DOT &amp; ME   

The only person who gave me cute(considerably) sobriquet (kemal chah). Here i grovel to see you write it when we are texting each other
I have cleared my consciences. I was given a choice to dropout from this course. The word "please don't" halted me. It buoyed me.
Please be the "right one" whom i have crushed on!
And ultimately, to render you an asylum..
I would like to be the salve of your broken heart, the solace of your depression, the amnesia to forget person who had hurt you
I could not figure out ways to woo you! I'm afraid to ask you for an opportunity
Seeing you trying to distance yourself from me exacerbates the circumstance.
The thought of "would she accept me" has been impeding me from comveying this feelings!
I have a feeling for you! I really do! But i couldn't find words to convey my feelings
Just saw @mazliyanamaarof at downtown. She was utterly chic! <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>

Lelaki: blup blup blup blup 

Tok kadi : blup? ( sah?) 

Saksi: blup blup ( sah sah) h…

Me: That’s right.

4: Unless that thing is an Xbox.

I’ve taught h…
@leesyaLO hihihi. So what are you doing this late? Aren't you supposed to be in slumber?
I hope Malaysia would not be too complacent with today's win Arduous journeys await. Well at least the exasperating oppenent is not in sight
Hu hey! Hu hey! Hu hey!
Hiroyuki Sawano-E.M.A
Nahhh, ain't going to start any deliberation for a trivial matter!
Hhmmm what should i compose to make this person comprehend tht he ought to refrain his nose for someone's matter? *musing*
Breaking Benjamin-Anthem Of The Angel..
I don't want to return to perak! It is Hell! It is hell, i could not ponder what should i say to Sir Izzamir when he sees my result!
Read what @leesyaLO ??
@leezheyi haha you are surprisingly witty. I could not believe i just chuckled when i was reading your reply.
@leezheyi i just whifed a repugnant smell of a wanker.. Could someone purge this smell before it pervades further.
To whom would i have crushed on if i had not enrolled in town planning?? Could it be someone pretty, comely and nubile like you?
Some people really love to stick their nose in trouble....
@Jeylaxoxo hai ajeyyy!! What are doing this late?? Have not seen you in twidder for a while!
I suggest you singaporean to render solaces to your thrashed "lion" who are anguishing, instead of going berserk in social networking.
Yeah, blaming the referee would withdraw the facts that you guys have utterly vanquished in your stronghold...
@leezheyi @firdausghani who are you calling "pathetic shit" you pathetic shit?
Aff Suzuki Cup anually makes Malaysian supporters exude hostilities towards Singaporean supporters!  LOL...
@dspndent you should say this towards other singaporean too..
win is a win, ref's decisions are irrevocable. If Singaporean are trying to refute our penalty, we were still winning n 3rd goal assured it

Falcao + Balotelli = 1

Danny Welbeck = 3
Imma give hell of gufffaws at the banters towards Singaporean. "@Qayzr: The banter is strong in the Malaysian supporters tonight. Ahahaha."
Singapore have given Malaysia hell of a run. They probably did not forsee the 2nd and 3rd goals Malaysia
@The_YUNiversity i could not fathom "Feign"  could you help me?
Oh! The day after tomorrow i will embark to the berth of semester 4. I feel as if it was yesterday i embarked to semester 3
Tomorrow is going to be the busiest
@aidaneesa LOL why not!?
@aidaneesa don't forget to pack me in.
Silver haired Nina
Dear agony, just let go of me suffer slowly
@pizzaandpepper well, unreciprocated ones don't. They are always relinquished gradually instead of winning.
@fatinliyana___ i know right, most of their jokes are random and their great performances occur sporadically
The album Dear Agony probably the best album of Breaking Benjamin. The song of dear agony itself is an ear candy

<SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY><SEE-NO-EVIL MONKEY>

The one time a male says the words "I love you" and really means it.

@Manuel_Neuer's save percentage rate - get all the stats ahead of Matchday 13 
"@Eminem_Lyrics__: Back when the VMAs were actually awarding music 
Bestnya! "@AZMINA_MIN03: I'm at Nina's Crib 
Only have 7% of battery and my house is having a sudden blackout
I hope no one notices my confession from uitm confession.
「君のいる町」御島明日香 
Cover your body with my autograph
Had a crush on my classmate! "@UiTMconfession: Benda paling bodoh pernah aku buat kat UiTM..."

Geeezz! Why you had to be so insolent. I was asking nicely...
@IskandarState salam admin. Result permohonan kolej keluar bila?

*doesn't check bank account*     

*pretends everything is ok*
A week left before return to sri iskandar. I have to do something to occupy this remnant semester break.
@_Acat_ may he be a stalwart adherent of Arsenal. Lol
Whose song would you choose to "Medicate" ?? Breaking Benjamin's or AFI's???
Lol! Please disregard my previous tweet
Nobody likes potatoes (presumably), that is why they are called french fries instead of fried potatoes..
@AZMINA_MIN03 yeah! I know I am greatly attractive! In fact, This "brownies" is not for anyone to eat. I am made to be looked up.
I will not expecting anything good from your promise anymore, you better hold my remarks! I reiterate, i WILL NOT expecting anything good!
Maybe i should not have looked forward to any of your promise.. It ails me whenever i think of how assuring your is promise to be fulfilled
I could not believed i've been deceived by the same person thrice with the same promise!..
&lt;-- brwonies.. The yummiest! "@AZMINA_MIN03: Why brownies so atttttractive than human"
Maybe someday you would slightly look up on me
@zactacular @zulhelmimalek lol hentai melayu!
What'd you expect when someone tells you to mirror urself? You would think it is an inuendo tht you're ugly. RIGHT? RIGHT?
It would be heretrical for me if someone texts me "tengs" since i never had any friends who use tht "language"
Could not engage in iPhone's users conversation when they are conversing of how superior their iPhone are..
Thanks-&gt; 6 alphabets. Tengs-&gt; 5 alphabets .. The latter is merely short 1 alphabets. Malays, could you write "Thanks" decently?
I just felt that i really had to buy dvd of transformers 4 since i have not watched it yet.
"@UberFootFact: Lionel Messi mission 

@BVB's Kevin Großkreutz is a fan favourite on social media (via fischkreutz) 
Wandai Wrection (one direction) LOL! "@paddypower: Who's your favourite singer?? 
Rixton- wait on me
No man would ask his nuts to be kicked "@MeninistTweet: PREACH <PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> 
Fav for Kim Kardashian | 
I am crying. Literally "@MeninistTweet: This is disgusting 
Men know how it feels "@MeninistTweet: sad but true 

Kanye - *takes out compass*

Kim - I mean my baby!

Kanye - I'm right here.

Kim - Jesus Kan…
Nell-Separation Anxiety #np
What! I was shuuush-ed for trying to help?
CORRECT!!! "@TheFunnySchool: 
Hai miak Sarawak! Sik tidur lagi??
@aidaneesa invited invader then.
Why would i feel sad of not knowing reunion of my former classmates of TK? I'm a recluse right?? *profoundly sobbing*
Never say never (The Fray's ) &gt;&gt; justin gayber's
Weeding invader whose presence is merely for food  -----&gt;"@aidaneesa: gotta attend another wedding..... ugh"

fav 4 kim kardashien 
Love goes down - plan B #np
Town planning students "@OMGtrolls: This is the part of the semester where you just quit life like bruh right here 
At leasr he had not deceased in unsightly ambience "@autocorrects: Me when I die probably 

@FCBayernEN strengthen their presence in the USA with academy deal 
Nothing from The Script is never humdrum to my ears
@HusnaAdzhar_ i would remain stalwart if i had one.. IF i had la.
"@_pedoq: 
Discrimination against fat folks! We shall diet as of now! "@twt_gym: Hahaha. emm 
Fuyo! That was an expeditious reaction.
@nurulazreen_ omg you were right. i searched her ig (merely to satisfy curiosity). she is gone after she was defamed by her very own remark
Lol subotic in fifa 14 "@ALevelProblems: The leap from GCSE's - A levels got me like 
*profound and distraught sigh* what am i thinking. She is someone's else. There is not even a void for me to insinuate
@NrlAzira kau order apa??
@NrlAzira sialnya perangai tauke tu..
@NrlAzira tak faham la conversation ni. Cuba terangkan ..
@tyraaAthira alaaaaa :(

SEE HERE &gt; 
@NinaNFF i hate myself for enrolling in town planning
@DaniaDeeDee always found it in curry, it tastes vile when you bite it and make you promptly looking for something to purge its taste
@tyraaAthira hai, pengarah jbpd, could your authority make guide lines a little bit concise and not as thick as oxdlford dictionary??
Though i feel thankful it was you the one who consoled me..
She soothed me while she was anguishing for her failure.. I should have conversed with more discretion.. I feel bad.
Wow, the saddest chapter of Fuuka(for the current timw) released on the same day i received the grim regard(semester result).
@Nadiahilman check at student portal.. I have checked mine..and don't inquire my result.
Slight change for instagram features.. Quite convenient its new features!,
@ZarifTwinkle i don't know bro. It is supposed to be there..
@ZarifTwinkle the edit button is horizontal to the like and comment button bro.
I have a bad feeling of my result. Usually the late receivers would receive the mediocre and grim result.
Reluctant Heroes piano version sounds rather melancholy than its original version ..
Okay this caught my attention! Hahaha "@DepressedDarth: Happy Veterans Day 
So to those who are thinking to abbteviate word internet to "tenet", think profoundly..
Lol i just learnt that after randomly flickering through a dictionary..
"Tenet" is a word apparently that means doctrine or "mazhab" genrally known by malays.
@AZMINA_MIN03 Gosh! I wish i could have the same euphoria you have now... Hey, do you have any anime tht you could suggest to me?
@AZMINA_MIN03 haven't had mine yet. Probably going to be late... I hope there is some error that alters my result to be a flying colour one
@AZMINA_MIN03 how is your result?? Yayy or nayy??
Kryptonite for dieting folks "@FoodPornsx: Huge Cheeseburger ' 
Haaa?? You have known you result already ehh? "@AZMINA_MIN03: UiTM dah ngantaaa result....hahahaha awal!"
Let me divulge my secret... I'm fattening..

Relieved @BVB want to use first #Bundesliga win in eight to kickstart season


Why do i feel as if someone is stalking me???
Vogel im kafig- shingeki no kyojin ost. A mass plaudit for Hiroyuki Sawano for this song..
@NinaNFF aku doakan kau dpat anugerah lagi sem ni..
@MinaTheTerrible the thought of that present was from his beloved mother rendered him rambunctiously elated.
@NinaNFF mana ada pandai. Kau lagi pandai. Sem lepas dpt anugerah.. Aku dapat "fuck off" dari syasya.
Especially parents who stipulated high expectations on their children.
What i meant by swoon is someone was literally swooned thinking of the result. You ought to believe. Some take this matter very seriously.
@NinaNFF hahah relax la.. Aku lagi nervous...
@NinaNFF jgn tweet pasal result pliss..
Trying to keep myself composed and abstain from pondering of semester's result since everyone is snafuing and some have swooned from it
She's cockteaser! My condolence is for tht guy "@suicidalsmoker: Who needs boyfriend when you have a guy bestfriend 
Oh i don't want to stay in a house that supplied with half assed electricity.
Shingeki No Kyojin ost- E.M.A
Well my mind was boggled at first when i saw he bought his superbike.
My neighbour traversed the hostel area with his superbike and the students were ogling at him with boggled mind. Lol

 
Your bm essay for each of your post in insta make me as if i want to hurl..
But that sounds pretentious! Maybe not.
Ferocious! Maybe i should change to akmalrimau instead...
Shove them in your arse. I don't need such thing. "@Ajirza: @akmlshh hay invite pin 7ECD96FB dong buat nambah teman bbm, thanks"
That complacent feeling when you have subjugated your insurmountable hurdle of your daily life.
Hai rimau! I have accepted your request. Thanks for following @fifirimau #followersharustahuasdfhj
@twtwanitaa bad luck orang gemuk
▄︻̷̿┻̿═━一 ლ(ಠ益ಠლ)
Amboi how many women does he have?"@NrlAzira: Esok ke tulat ke tahun depan ke takyah nak contact aku. Perempuan lain standby dekat belakang"
@aidaneesa my last time of anugerah skrin was in 2007. Realized it was cockamamie. Rather watch 18sx instead.
Looks like this weekend is a "No" too.
"The Force Checks His Phone"
"The Force Goes Back To Sleep"
Typical malay students: Public libraries are the best venue of covert dating Study group is merely a facade
Aoi. #np
Lenient punishment shan't be condoned! "@staronline: Five students in bullying video charged with rioting 
Fucking group of pansy! If you intended to brawl, find someone of your own size!
Those virally known as "geng singles hitam" (black tank top) should be ailed with severe punishment that tantamount to thier behaviour!
Awaaa saiaa lapaaaa
boi: no
gerl: so u luv me?
boi: no
*gerl runz awai cryin*
boy: WAIT!
*gerl turnz bak*
boy: ur ugli 2
Now that is what i call immaculate! "@AcangJamree: So clean........ 
It is so good to be alive! "@GooglePics: self made Oreo ice-cream 
You don't even know thoroughly of your classmates'  name! Wtf Akmal!
@nradlnadrh sorry la alinn..
1997-2014.. 
Wait!! Why did i call her nadhirah??, i used to call her alin!!
@nradlnadrh awww sowwy Nadhirahh..
Bowling for soup-when we die #np
The Beetles-8 days a week.
Have not forgotten the inception of this unreciprocated love..
Unrequited love anguishes me. I could decease from it. A lethal disease that renders one to do something unfathomable.
Always have tht thought of "had i done my best enough?"n " were my efforts would be tantamount to my result?" When the day of result is nigh
Could you feel the chill, the agitation, knowing that your semester results are about to divulge... It agitates me.. My heart is imploding
Result exam? "@ShuehaidaZainal: Ya allah tak sedap nya hati"
Elated to know that you have become perked up and more cute than the last time i saw you.

A cow fairy that likes beef jerky. 
Speaking of bully, does it not ring a bell about a high schooler proclaimed as Lan Todak n his associates who kicked their class rep's arse?
The LifeHouse-Hanging by a moment

"Chord-er pe dowh?" kat restoran.

#JenakaTakSampai
They are to go to the final 16!! #BVB #UEFAChampionsLeague
Shingeki No Kyojin #nw
Hahaha i like that movie! "@RappersSaid: When Eminem (B-Rabbit) battled Lotto: 
(Lotto first, then Eminem) 
me: of which show?
friend:
me:
friend:
me:
me:
me: oh you meant like the weather"

是非チェックしてみてくださいね！
マ〜シ〜やぁ〜い！！
I should not have complimented a girl who already has a boyfriend ey?? That sounds contentious...
Even if i sum the beauty of girls in uitmpretty, thiers could not transcend your prevailing sarawakian pulchritude.. #eulogyforsyasyasfhdjgl
@syahirahh_ vital players were injured and not fully recuperated when the bundesliga had newly begun. Though they did very well in ucl
I'd rather be in 5 stars hotel accomodated with luxury toilet "@WoWFactz: Where would you rather be 
Es ist Zeit für UEFA Champions League morgen...Heja BVB! 


#teleturbans 

. 
Bayern remain on top reign the league, Wolfsburg topped to 2nd.
Shah alam is hot.
Nevertheless,Dortmund are on the top of the group stage in chamoions league, that salvages their reputation despite being in relegation zone
United are deteriorating as City flourishing.. What the fuck.. Same goes to Dortmund.
Tomorrow is spm huh? Wow! That reminds me it has been 2 years since i left school. Quite miss the ambience of getting occupied with math
Am i the only person who has not watched Age Of Extinction yet??
@NinaNFF gya tu apa? Satu exclamation ke? "Gyaa!"

#Robben and #Lewandowski give @FCBayernEN all three #Klassiker points against @BVB



@HSV record first home win of 2014/15 as @rafvdvaart's penalty sees off #Leverkusen


:3  "@EmrgencyKittens: cats gathered around the heater 
Dress up with your best friends like this during halloween would be fun! "@LYNAnimeShrine: 
Apparently, someone is still awake
Bayern remain unbeaten and top notch of the league while Dortmund are struggling to stay away from relegation zone.
Bayern 2-1 Reus! Bitter end! :(

Sorry not sorry.
@NrlAzira yeah, i think people who harbour unreciprocated loves are easy to be read
Ohh! And sarah! I miss you! Why you had to be sick on the day of our rendezvous huhhh????
@NrlAzira yes! Wow! You can read people's mind eehh?? Or I'm just easy to be read??
@NrlAzira though I'm kind of missing exerting energy doing assignment.. And i miss certain persons. Which i should not miss.
@NrlAzira yeah, I'm working... Off course NOT.. I would rather staying at home and idling. Lol
@NrlAzira awaa je yang taa sayng saiaa!
Saiaaaa!! <HAPPY PERSON RAISING ONE HAND><PERSON RAISING BOTH HANDS IN CELEBRATION> "@NrlAzira: Siapa sayang saya? Cepat haa ngaku <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY><FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY>"
Half time! Dortmund's defence should be more solid! Could not remain sluggish and sloppy!..

WATCH &gt; 
@SyazlinRosli i mean miss Syazlinnn! My fingers slipped
Tengok Bayern vs Dortmund la miss Lin! "@SyazlinRosli: Terjaga dan liverpool masih loser"
More goal please!!
#FCBBVB &gt; Pahang vs JDT
Manifestation of invulnerable wall! Weidenwall
Bayern just couldn't halt the Dortmund's duo!

What a header from Reus and the wall that is Manuel Neuer is beaten! #Bundesliga football, never lets you d…
Reus puts Dortmund ahead!!!
REUSSSS
So close!!!
This is rape! "@Sheldon_Jokes: Cyber bullying 
Second best in German national team
The sobriquet of second best shot stopper is not merely a sobriquet. Weidenfeller manifests his repertoire exquisitely! #FCBBVB
True! Camaraderie renders a relationship potent! "@mmiraro: Mutual understanding brings people together."
&lt;-- Looking forward to Bayern vs Dortmund instead.
Splay-echo again
Sounds like an incantation! "@VerusFacts: Akon's real name is Aliaune Damala Bouga Time Puru Nacka Lu Lu Lu Badara Akon Thiam."

CONTENT [kuhn-TENT] = (adj.) satisfied.

I’m *content* with the t…

they judge other people

together
When your looked-forward rendezvous got cancelled due to unexpected and unavoidable circumstances....
I want to be Fear-Lo "@FootballFunnys: Stop hiding behind your sofa, it’s our Halloween XI. 
I thought today would be a great day. I was wrong. It is the same humdrum day as usual.
The latest fined player was Ferdinand, and the highest fine was Ashley Cole! £90 000.. Wow. That is abundant #previousRT
@NinaNFF awalnya balik kolej!
@txshaandin it takes 0.5 second for me to tweet "you need not to post this sort of twitpic to gain abundant retweet"
If you are a town planning student, you could comprehend what I'm saying.
If i were to marry someday(somehow) my invitation card would be in A0 size included with base and location map, and detailed layout
Seems like everyone is flaunting how seldom their weeding invitation card
Hahaha Eren just got hit with a helmet in his Titan forms! "@paddypower: Drive in. F*ck shit up. Drive away. 
@AcangJamree but you could brag to your female friends you if you bought one...
Orang gemuk could not perform all of the position #previoustweet
Wtf abe! "@FaizBM: “@iLGDaily: RETWEET if you have done at least 10 of these sex positions 
One Punch Man is imminent

Atsuto Uchida pens a contract extension (via @s04_en)

How happy are Schalke fans? 
Meow! Be my company tonight! "@EmrgencyKittens: Thanks for the new box! 
Uchida remains as Schalke's until 2018 but Raul is leaving.. That would sadden the fans.
Resourcefulness 1-0 idea "@PhoebeShafinaz: Umm no. RT"@TheDIYHacks: 
Awwww "@autocorrects: 
Nice and cheap "@HzlZfry: This is the best Kad Jemputan kahwin that i've ever seen in my life 
I thought it was Nina!

1) pasar malam
2) rap kelantan
3) awak kat mane
4) tolong tepi sikit
5) budakUiTM_…

ME: I'm at a Beyoncé and Jay-Z concert I can't

Gf: I'm off my period 

Me: 
Could not correlate paddy and "rindu".. Deep betul rindu padi ni..
Happy 19th birthday old crush! I almost forgot yours since we haven't talked for quite a time @KittyKookies
Fuck imminent danger! "@FascinatingVids: Because f*ck living. 
@syasyamira how come do you have class everyday during semester break?
Good news, the only thing that drenched my bed was my drool
Oh, i even had married to someone whose name i did not even know. I have forgotten how her visage looks like. We lived happily
Morning. I had a weird dream last night.. I was laughing at all the joke people made in my dream..i guess it couldn't be deemed as nightmare
Flocculent! I want to give him some hug n touch its paws! "@sfqomhz: Oh my god look who my boyfriend brought over <SMILING CAT FACE WITH HEART-SHAPED EYES> 
I can't win Fifa like this! Move biatch! "@Mstylex: I'd be happy with this right now 
Well play dad. I'm talking of temperature not angle! "@OMGtrolls: The corner is 90 degrees. 
The Killers-spaceman #np
News//ordinary
Hahaha! "@DepressedDarth: Liam Neeson is badass 
Relationship's goal: Seeking someone that you could address "sayang" perpetually.
Hurt-stay #np
@aidaneesa i presume i had beed hacked by someone who is envying our relationship! LOL
Aida comelll!! Please accept my sincere eulogy! "@aidaneesa: i feel so ugly"
@aidaneesa twitter was trying to set us apart! Asdgfjflslajfflkl!!
&lt;--- John Lennon! "@NrlAzira: Mohon ada lelaki clingy mcm John Lennon <OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN><OK HAND SIGN>you're so fine"
@NrlAzira saiaaa dh jumpa yg lebih baik. Cukuplah sampai sini sahaja hubungan kitaa awaa
A Fire Inside-17 crimes. #np
@ni5nash where did you get this sort of stuff??. I suppose stuff like this only available exclusively.
Somehow, i have unfollowed @aidaneesa on Twitter. What the fuq twitter??
Fake ID(allegedly) 0-2 #UitmPuncakAlam. They end up having "Perak" medal after vilifying "Perak" futsal team.That's something. #Karisma
@Dzulkar_naemm i conjecture someone is having hard time trying to decipher what i was trying to convey..
Oh now you are talking about "main tak fairplay" hahahah. Irony.
The athan is soaring.. Deafeningly. To remind it is time to perform our responsibility as Muslims
@Dzulkar_naemm that is why ask you, have you enquired the info? I merely wanted the truth. Remain  hostile could solve nothing.
Yesterday's win was delightful. Imma watch the highlight again! #bvb #dfbpokal
@Dzulkar_naemm @syafiqhasni hold your jeers, have you enquired the team and the team management themselve pertaining to this matter?
They've won, though they are still barking the ambiguous allegation of fake student card used by their player. #uitmpenang #futsal #karisma
Gemuk 4 life! "@twt_gemuk: hari ni spesial, bukan 
Good morning Aizal's "@nad_nanis: morninggg"
Me: 'ONLY YOU BBZ' 
@tyraaAthira ehh ye ke Kak?? Gosh! I was lucky i did not greet "you" at dc back then. Drive safely by the way! :)
@tyraaAthira haa?? Teremgganu?? Aren't you supposed to be in class??
@tyraaAthira traffic jam ke dkt shah alam???
Seing your crush flirts with someone else is like 
I want to love and to be loved in return. Unrequited love is sickening me
Who's your coach of 2014?
GALLERY: 
@seokouji Fuka's demise is unacceptable! I couldn't accept it. Why she has to be deceased??? ╥﹏╥
Thus, i conclude.. That i am a potato.
Everyone dislikes the shape of potato in its original form. But after they undergone a process to become fries, everyone likes them.
@sfqomhz lol! Hahah perfect resemblance. Is this merely a coincidence?,
I really like your penchant of teasing playfully. It is like your epitome of exuberance

English language. 

So I had to teach English language in BM and a student translated th…
"@AnjekBengMatrep: SIALAH MAN UTD GOT MATA, BUT THEY GOT BLIND ALSO!

PUNDEH, THEY ALL PLAN THIS OR WHAT?"
@AcangJamree not playing. I was helping my mom, she is involved in sport management there for Chess. I was staying in kolej tun hasan though
@AcangJamree karismaa! Hahah!
I could only hope for good result from team futsal of uitm perak for tomorrow's fixtures! #karismaXXI
Haven't thanked @AcangJamree for suggesting Hanif's corner to me.. Thanks to you, i had a great lunch when i was in Lendu.
Man United drew. 
Man City lost.
Liverpool drew.
Spurs lost.

Arsenal won. 
Red card shall be given for this player! "@SampahRemajaKL: Chelsea fans be like

"Still top of the league" 
H mddc b fhqk -- decrypt this (replace each letter with the their later alphabet)
For fans, It would be more meaningful that not even words could decipher the euphoria when their team best against teams they despise...
Did u (ManUtd fans)feel the delight after Rvp levelled United with Chelsea before the long whistle was blown? You guys felt it did you not?
wht football fans seek is the self-accomplishment when their team win against rivals not the points tht decide the team's position in league

@borussia_en take on @FCBayernEN in crucial #Bundesliga encounter


So, who would be The Ace of futsal team Uitm Perak??? #KarismaXXI
My mind boggled looking at the traffic near the exit route of highway to seremban
I happened to play chess with computer instead...
@AcangJamree hanif's corner? You mean In front of the entrance?
@AcangJamree acang! I'm in lendu currently, do you have any preference of good place to grab meals??

No win in six as @BVB fall to @Hannover96's Kiyotake matchwinner #BVBH96 
I'm kind if feel sorry for the girl whose picture is being used as a discussion of breast size in twt_senggama.
@NinaNFF poor nina, she is harbouring an unrequited love.
Good luck contingent of Uitm Perak, especially football and futsal. I will rooting for you guys in Lendu!  @Unit_Sukan
&lt;--- Reading about organized crime at the library while everyone is engrossed with Karisma.
Borrusia Dortmund &lt;--- At the verge of relegation in Bundesliga but at the top of group in champions league
3 red were drawn , 2 for tackles and 1 for ridiculing referee"@NST_Online: Dortmund slip further after fourth defeat 
Holland 5-1 Spain 
Real Madrid 3-1 Barcelona 

Counter attacking football &gt; Tiki-Taka
Aren't you going to stalk me??
Rendered an assist in his debut after 3 minutes of play. He may bite, but he is a great footballer.
Does anyone where i could watch football in uitm lendu? #elclassico
Staying in Lendu feel as if staying in an oven. And the foods are expensive! What is with the foods? It is stale and cold.


I was not given any option to choose clothes.
I was in bed this morning idling, now here i am in uitm Lendu after i was dragged harshly..  (/＞皿&lt;)/ ～ ┴┴
Don't mess with orang utaghaa! They produce your basis meals. Refrain your fucks from getting them.
Kedahans possess no points to retaliate at the derision of Pahangsese. They could only remain docile.
I have had nothing to spout about the match, but i have millions to harngue to the fans..
Everyone is patronising Kedah instead congratulating Pahang. Kedah did well but the final score seems hard to be condoned.


. 
I'm not braniacs. She must be mentioning someone else..
It does not matter right? You have abundant of follower on twitter, you would not lose anything if i was forfeited from the number.
Brains...brains... br.. boo.. boob.. boobies.. boobies.. "@ShutUpCartoons: It can be hard not to be superficial! 

Jo *has ground* beans for her morning cup of coffee for…
When a person trying to be who he is not while ignoring who he is

e.g
Ridhuan Tee the ultra kiawhoist
My jogging gear is a pillow! Ain't gonna jog in the morning. I rather sleep till noon
I should have tried my luck for karisma futsal selection team.. Remorse brooding over me.
Teeth brushed and my mounth feels like ice after gargled with Listerine. Going through few chapters of favourite book and emerge with bed

He couldn't find the droid he was looking for
I'm sulking.. Bye..
I presume those theories were their conjectures.  "@sfqomhz: Are conspiracy theorists always this stupid? 
Rudimental-feel the love <MULTIPLE MUSICAL NOTES>
@aidaneesa okay :( *becomes soggy*
Hahahah! "@ItsYaBoyAsh: Close enough... 
They met again at Furuya's Granpa's funeral and promised to Rea to live with her until they are rotten. So Furuya has become a zombie?
I couldn't grasp the end final chapter of Sankarea, Rea devoured Furuya's heart and regained her memory and Furuya received artificial heart
Yuzuki's cuteness was at its pinnacle when she was flustered after some random girls were asking to borrow Haruto 
Farts are suitable to mitigate the particular awkward circumstances
Saiaaa dah follow abam hensem syafiqhasni di insta! Awaaa bila lagi??


Wow! 

The only two things I ever say to kids

Top 10: 

. h…
Then they were merely looking at each others phone and went home.. How mundane my friends were
Their eyes were looking at me pensively.. And they said "have you had one yet??" I divulged "no, resume with the topic please"
We(friend and i) sat around a table at mamak and one started to spout," among of us, whose gf is cuter??" (cont)
&lt;-- does not bump to anyone because he is being a recluse.
&lt;-- bae awak! "@aidaneesa: i ate my bae 
@sfqomhz yeay! It would be futile for her to be something else when she posseses such talentn
A 14 y/o girl could draw cartoon immaculately. When i was 14, i could only draw stickman :(
@sfqomhz wow! She is talented! You should endorse her to be an animator. Malaysia's lacking of animators though. Her repertoire is needed
@sfqomhz how old is she??
Wow! She is proficient! "@sfqomhz: My little sister tried to teach me how to draw. I hate her. 

Ali: knp dia left group??

Me: kerana dia bukan right group.

*Semua ahli group tersebut pun left gr…
@tyraaAthira i think i just saw you at dataran cendekiaa!
Plan B-my love goes down #np mmmmmm i haven't heard this song for years! #TheDefamafionOfStricklandBanks

My GPA
my SAT score
my weight
my number of likes per picture
my grades...

These things are no…
Have not had Starbucks in my whole life! #NotADeception #BroTakFaham
MUNG GI POST BIDIO ULAMOK AKU WAK NATANG MENDE?
NATANG JUBUR! 
BODOWW AH PUOK MUNG NIM!
|            Harangggg             |
|＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿＿|
         (\__/) || 
         (•ㅅ•) || 
          / 　 づ"
is he having an orgy?
"@1Obefiend: Ulama juga manusia perlu senggama. #BroPaham"
1 Goal &amp; 1 Assist in 45 Minutes 
And sister is also going to join other physiotherapists
*dejected sigh* mommy is going to Lendu to handle Karisma event for a week. Who is going to cook when my mother is absent??

“Gatsby was a man *which* was driven by desperation.” → <CROSS MARK>

<INFORMATION DESK PERSON> Use *who* or *that*…
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
　　　　　　　　　<SILHOUETTE OF JAPAN>
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀"
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
　　　　　　　　　(/＞皿&lt;)/ ～ ┴┴
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀"
I'm so poor, i couldn't not afford a retweet for my tweet
Last night was great. Couldn't wait to laugh at my friends whose favourite club is Liverpool.. (/^▽^)/
Breaking Benjamin-Medicate #np
The Killers-spaceman.
I tend to eat everything with cutlery.
Rainy Zurich-The Fray. It suits the current weather of shah alam and my mood
Vary difficalt...police is look 4 me but I'm in  jangle

"@aisyahaziz1: lol adik g donlod subtitle kedah <FACE WITH TEARS OF JOY> 
@The_YUNiversity so impending has the same meaning with "imminent" ??
An hour before Bayern vs Roma. My best thought the match would end even.. Crucial match! Roma's lineup seems profound
Doumbia's touches pulled his team ahead.
Ohh yeah! I was doing something.. Idling...and tweeting
My semester break started a week late than the others. For the last 3 days, i occupied my time idling rather than doing something
He still a shit"@FootballFunnys: There is no player in the world who has scored a hat-trick against Victor Valdes. 
That was the end of Fuuka chapter 36.
Unfortunately when the perfromances were proceeding, Fuuka has been involved in accident she tried to retrieve her keychain on the road
And the band members would not have a slightest thoughts that Haruna could sing very well..
Haruna had to replace Fuuka for the battle of the band after Fuuka didn't emerge.Surprisingly the crowd loved Haruna's performances
Well, if i could travel back to time prior to our sorting class studio session, i'd have had hit you earlier than him with amazing starter
Yes, yes, i should abscond tonight for Champions League match but the question is where should go? With whom?
"@EmrgencyKittens: pounce imminent. 
This could be us. But I'm hugging my drool smelled blanket. "@FactsAboutBoys: This is all I want right now <SMIRKING FACE> 

Messi doesn't think, he does his talking on the pitch. Always has. 
"@Goku: When you see someone attractive walk by. 

A: minyaksikan match bola
@AZMINA_MIN03 err duhh, it is a human disease in term or moral..i suppose
@AZMINA_MIN03 *insatiable
@AZMINA_MIN03 a satiable hunger! Couldn't get surfeited on eating.
Pardon my tweet, i am trying to make my tweets reach 40k before its deactivation.
Marry her already, just like Yamato married Suzuka and they have a daughter named Fuuka and Fuuka gets her own love story.
What a dick! Though he is having much euphoria as Yuzuki's living under the same roof with him. This story is dragging! ヽ(ー_ー )ノ
He couldn't get over Yuzuki after he was dumped, he dated a girl within his reach.And broke up with that girl when Yuzuki wanted him back
Kimi no iru machi is making me cry! Damnit! Why Haruto always gets the good ones??
@AZMINA_MIN03 i thought i was the only who suffers a continuous famine! Hahaha
@AZMINA_MIN03 hahaha kamek still awake,i am reading some manga though..
n men have alleviated the risk of prostate cancer by mastrbate"@UberFacts:Pornhub once did a"Save The Boobs"campaign 
Nahhh who cares, I'm merely an information tool
Hey hey, at least spare some pity of me. You girls could ask how am i doing or compliment I've lost some weigh b4 jump to the query of him.
What charm does he wear huh????? Even some of his ex could not get over him and some are still asking how is he doing when they meet me.
I couldn't believe that bro! He is just a women eater after all..
There was a time when one of us was dejected after being dumped and crying so hard at mamak, he had a new girl after a week #Throwback
But you guys really need to stop teasing me with all those being "single" jokes and flaunting of your girls before me..
i know i haven't had any gf even after i incepted from highschool while you guys have been experienced in various kind of relationship(cont)
Then their daddy says "shit, i want a boy! Not a twins daughter" RT"@Horror_Fessions: 
@AcangJamree mine is 26th of January! Be sure you remember of it and wish my birthday! Hahaha.
To me, there is no "home" ambience. And it is girl hostels!! (@ Kolej Melati in Shah Alam, Selangor) 
