@MHZero75 Okay wasn't sure...*murmur* fucking vanitas*murmur*
@MHZero75 You're talking about Terranort right?
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
That's gone overboard. If this happens again, you now realize THIS will have to be the set penalty against EVERY TEAM.
Does brady and the pats deserve punishment? Of course. but cutting the team that far in drafts and suspending the qb for 1/4 the seaon??
$1M, a quarter of the season suspension, and knocked to fourth draft pick over slightly underinflated balls #Overboard
Gauruntee you: next team caught deflating balls will get a fine and no suspension #Bullshit
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
@SirAmpharos Kind of like when people wanted The Last of Us on Xbox360/PC and how people want Smash Bros. on Playstation.
@MHZero75 Silent hill.
I'm just waiting for an indie dev to make a successor to jak &amp; daxter or silent hill. especially after Silent Hills cancellation.
It really is sad that it's taken indie developers and other developers to leave large companies and form their own to bring back classics.
spiritual successors:
Castlevania: Bloodstained
megaman: Mighty no. 9
sonic: freedom planet
Banjo-kazooie: yooka-laylee
Now we need SH
alright so age of ultron is airing ALL DAY on Thursday, perfect!
It's ridiculous...Thursday: HURRY UP I GOT A FILM TO SEE!
Are women meant to now be portrayed as emotionless, ruthless, rude, no backstory, brute individuals?
sorry I'm seeing a person being human, you know? that thing people want characters to be? human? is that suddenly not applicable to women?
Black widow forming a relationship with banner over the course of a film? after showing she's more than capable as an individual?
though I gotta say something: No one minded the romantic BS when they did it in the animated films with Betty. and THAT WAS FORCED.
Just 3 more days till payday, then I can see for myself why people are flipping their lids over black widow.
@gurosen How is one role/event in a movie make the whole movie dumb?
Last tweet: In all seriousness why is it females are no longer allowed to be human?
What a female is allowed to be portrayed as according to feminists 
@gurosen The memes just started to decline we don't need them to come back XO
people REALLY lack priorities it seems.
While everyone is making death threats and insulting josh whedon about Black Widow, this is happening 
@QuartrGuy You Might wanna see this 
@MHZero75 *heavy breathing*
@joshscorcher I ask a similar question when people call me Kevin
At this rate I'll end up doing that live Q&amp;A by the end of the week or sooner.
Don't know if you've used the WiiU microphone yet, but it's garbage.
And if it's THAT BIG a deal: Skype
This is a game where you shoot paint at anything and everything, really don't see it needing voice chat.
Hey @IGN Splatoon doesn't have voice chat. Get over it.

When it becomes all about the money though, then we have a problem.
Gonna be hitting 2K subs pretty soon, I think I might do a Live Q&amp;A. Don't get a lot of questions on a normal basis though so idk.
#YouTubersHonestyHour If my subs aren't finishing a video with a smile I'm doing something wrong.
#YouTubersHonestyHour Likes, Dislikes, Subs, etc. Don't matter. you're audience's entertainment is what matters.
I liked a @YouTube video 
#YouTubersHonestyHour Your health and personal life can be you ultimate worst enemy. It will fuck up any motivation you have in seconds.
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video from @typhooncinemayt 
I liked a @YouTube video 
it is the time...for nap
@ItionoBen @KitsuneHawk what happened to the Kamui Senjutsu?
@MHZero75 WOOT! Congrats Maverick!
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 
@QuartrGuy And no over abundance of 3 tile puzzle games...or flappy bird knockoffs...or angry birds knockoffs...don't use birds
@MHZero75 They even removed ebay listings for ps4's with PT on it
@MHZero75 They already did a few days ago. and i bloody well intend to
@MHZero75 At least I can remember it on my PS4 XO
This is actually a pretty sad thing. 
Sobeys may have been hectic as all fucking hell, and it doesn't pay as much. but I still had a lot more fun working there.
Everyone where I work is like twice my age, and knows nothing of what I'm talking about.
Sure I collapsed alot and I damn near killed my back during the process. But at least I was 
1: Working
2: Able to talk to people
It's times like this week I actually miss working at Sobeys.
@gurosen I don't even get that. Someone comes up to me everyday and is like "Got nothing for you to do. just wait a little longer"
@gurosen I wish I had that luxury. I''m stuck here doing LITERALLY nothing from 8:30 to 4:30
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video from @macintyreproduc 
I swear every time I boot this game up I see more and more wrong with it.
It's cheap, it depends ENTIRELY on Luck, and it's stupid. Thanks but no thanks. FFS why do I keep finding more problems with awakening??
I'm sorry how is: raising enemy stats, and lowering yours, and then having said enemies rush you with no streategy; Fair?
So Lunatic in awakening = enemies rush you...oh hi cheap difficulty, I didn't realize I was playing dark souls
TheFlamicon's weaknesses everybody: Steaming Hot Baths, and Tim Horton's coffee....I am so Goddamn Canadian it's painful XD
and by the time you get out you're steaming for the next few minutes? because that's my fucking weakness lately(2/2)
you know that feeling when your taking a bath, and the water is so hot that you get goosebumps?(1/2)
@Rogueshadow75 I'm going to put all my effort into this as a release date yes
"powered by unity" that'd be why
1: why the fuck is there update data for a digital only indie game
2: how broken is your game when it crashes just by updating.
so...Just downloaded a game on ps3, game crashes, I launch it again, it begins updating..the update then crashes.
OMG a Harem that's ending with it's main couple...and they git it on....it's so rare an occasion to see. It's almost tear worthy.
@MHZero75 I sense many Spirit tracks attractions.
@ItionoBen wait that's actually a thing now??
Don't know how I'm going to do it, but I'm going to do it. even if I have to spend the whole of the next year doing it!
30th anniversary of Metroid is in august and I need more time to reduce my production time, so this works out perfectly.
Alright I know when I'm doing Metroid month. and if I don't do it then, I'm scrapping it. August 2016.
I REALLY hope they make other M non-canon. I mean yes I had fun with it.. but let's face it the prime trilogy deserves it more.
Anonymous said: I thought that the Prime trilogy came before the second metroid so why did you say that... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
OH NO!! The one sound..the one FUCKING SOUND! The super retro advance can't handle properly...is the explosion sound...FUCK!
Soo.... @QuartrGuy ...I looked on my hard drive today...it's from when 1/2 genie hero's kickstarter launched 
@AmaAmaLeeLee @Annalatido OH SHIT MY LUNGS! MY FUCKING LUNGS!! OOWWWW!!! WAS NOT PREPARED! NEED...TO...EDIT....BUT...TOO...FUNNY.
also thanks @LukieGames for getting the super retro advance to me as fast as they did. a week after I ordered it? even Sonic is impressed
I can't describe it, it's just instantly relieving, satisfying, and just all around so good.
so my neck is pretty muscley tough shit. which can get pretty stiff and sore pretty easily.. so cracking it = body orgasm.
I'm someone who worked as a produce clerk for over 3 years and I wrestled for my last year of high school.
*shiver* ever since my health has been improving I've been able to crack my neck again and it feels SOOOOOO GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD!!!
just gonna say this now: Metroid Fusion on super nintendo - DO IT!
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
#collegein5words Fuck I'm broke as hell
@QuartrGuy Sword... or Whip... You decide. 
throwing it is also intensely difficult, there's no reliable way to get a spin on it. even if you do it ain't going very far.
like have you ever tried to catch an underinflated football? It's like catching a water balloon the water is gonna make it go everywhere.
seriously why is #deflategate still a thing? It had no impact on the superbowl. it would have had negatives for both teams.


Everything was good, someone was getting healthy and then all of a sudden *slap* nope guy died in surgery.
OOOHHH...goddmaned manga played me like a fucking fiddle.
@gurosen Well I don't see anything topping that today *FAINTS*
@gurosen In the same situation. I thankfully have scripts to write for a boatload of videos...and manga...lots of manga
thequarterguy: rootbeersweetheart: maplebeer: Protect Markiplier. Protect xKit Guy. PROTECT EVERYONE WHO IS... 

Start clapping and see who becomes T R I G G E R E D.
I liked a @YouTube video 
@ItionoBen Xenoblade "Never Dead" Chronicles.
@gurosen I could've gone for 5...damn things sold out before I knew it.
@gurosen I'm avoiding the topic until I see it for myself. I find it hard to fathom they'd toss her character after so much time on it.
Super nice things to do for someone who has depression - botanical-haze: a-high-ass-ginger: sassygaynicoo:... 
But we get attacked by THOUSANDS, MILLIONS of other people DAILY. The last thing we need is lie and hurt one another.
I know the line between criticism and hate can be hard to see in this world especially without a voice and face.
We took the chance to put our voices and faces on the most hostile envirnoment of the modern world, and yet..we're attacking each other.
Newcomer or not I hate seeing it. We all started this because we wanted to do something we loved. something that made us happy.
That the community I fell in love with and worked my ass off to be a part of whether people knew me or not is falling like this.
I know it's only a small number of people. but I've seen a lot of conflict int his community lately. And it breaks my heart.
I'm starting to lose faith in myself, and worse yet other people's respect for each other is fading.
I had a great respect for my fellow countdowners...but lately it's been shaken.
I started to meet people. talk with people. few sure, and only rare conversations, but you get the point.
I started doing them out of both inspiration and admiration, and then it grew onto me in a way I never expected to.
Days like today I feel very frustrated to be a countdowner.
I liked a @YouTube video 
@ItionoBen *world claps in amazement*
@ItionoBen Screw the Regalia you need a Kamui!
THAT is the power of the Shitpost Regalia.
@Ninjato16 As much as I want to (Believe me I do) I can't miss out on new Fire Emblem.

...th…
@gurosen And so people don't get mad at you for not lending shoes :P
I'm absolutely disgusted that the developers of one of my favorite game series is doing something so absurd.
PEOPLE!! This is stupid and inexcusable DO NOT defend this cash grabbing Bullshit.
again this isn't like pokemon, you have LITERALLY cut a game IN HALF and you're charging us for it TWICE!
so major WTF IS WRONG WITH YOU question here: WHY ARE YOU CHARGING DOUBLE IN THE FIRST PLACE?!?!
RATHER than charge double for a longer game.
Even intellegent systems basically admitted to cashing in. saying it was easier to split the game in two and add DLC...
also there's only a discount on THE DIGITAL VERSION. So if you're like me and prefer physical copies YOU ARE IN FACT PAYING DOUBLE
they literally chopped a full game into 2 and they're going to charge $40 for whichever you didn't buy.
Are people this fucking stupid?? We shouldn't be paying twice for 1 GAME in the first place!
someone just defended fire emblem if being released as 2 games, because "at least you won't pay double the price"
@MHZero75 I feel thy pain. best I got is toy lightsabers. #StarWarsDay #C3P0
I liked a @YouTube video from @sapphberry 
but the aches I get from my kidneys pale in any comparison to the pain I had in my bowels over the last year.
I mean granted I still have 18 cysts on my kidneys which could develop in polycystic kidney disease.
I will say though I'll take drowsiness over my illness any day. I'm glad it turned out just to be a bad bowel infection and not a disease.
Wish Nap time was a thing. I never even had that in Primary. We need like an hour a day just to nap.
normally I'd take a nap and deal with the aches that comes with, but I'm at work so I kind of can't do that.
fuck after all that work I did for the next countdown yesterday I SOO did not get enough sleep last night. fading in and out of sleep.
and I have to get blood work done(again) this week, and i have to stay with my folks to get service done on my car. FML
what a stereotypically bad monday. only got 4h sleep, shit all for work, and @gurosen tweet reminds me of how shit my family is.
to this day I refuse to go anywhere with my sister I avoid her like the plague. when I see her I leave.
knowing full well my sister would cause drama, which she did, called me nasty words as usual, hit my a few dozen times and insulted me.
just to repeat: my mother wouldn't let me attend the funeral of a relative I have known and loved my entire life. unless I drove my sister.
either drive my sister or I wouldn't be given my dad's truck to drive there in the first place(my car needed repairs)
and the last thing I needed was my little twat of a sister making it worse. than my mother gave me an ultimatum...
I called her back instantly and screamed at her that I lost my great grandmother I've known my whole life, and she wasn't the only one hurt.
I gave her my reasonsm but my mother being ignorant as she is said I had to because she lost her grandmother and hung up.
for example: when my Great grand mother died, my mother asked me to drive my sister to bathurst(funeral) I instantly declined.
doesn't help my parents are ignorant by default and can't tell that she hasn't grown and guilt trip me into being around her.
she's nothing more than a pathetic brat that time and again has shown she cares of no one but herself.
screaming, flailing, breaking anything in sight and then saying it's everyone else's fault.
but no my sister refuses to grow up past the age of 4. if something doesn't go her way, she throws a tantrum.
if it was just weed, smoking, and drinking that'd be fine. not the greatest health choice but doesn't make them a bad person.
I truly hate only 4 people in my life, My own sister is among those 4 people.
she has done, and continues to do stupid fucking shit,
and then there's my sister who I swear must be an experiment gone wrong made to drive everyone to insanity.
In comparison I've forgiven my ex for cheating on me. I will never forgive my parents for what they did.
My parents can be decent people for the most part, but they've done some really bad shit I can't exactly let go.
I would gladly be ass broke like I am now, than EVER move back in with my folks and sister again. fuck that noise.
@gurosen I had similar bullshit to deal with until I moved out at 19 now if I see bullshit from my family I just flip them off and take off.
0.0 Ka-Ka-Kakashi's face....it's been revealed...Holy shit....that's a thing
WTF?? I've completed the Lost run AGAIN and the game still hasn't unlocked him WTF IS GOING ON???
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
Thinking about doing some extra stuff to show how I make countdowns. but haven't decided yet.
Everything is recorded. even got some screen screen in there. Now it's time to start editing.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
This will make sense sometime later 
DareDevil 5 episodes in is Fucking Amazing!
I liked a @YouTube video from @didyouknowgamin 
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video 
In fact in this episode the CMC were the ones teaching the lesson to a random new pony. so if they know the lesson already.what's the point?
That's my biggest problem with CMC episodes. they don't really seem to learn/take away anything from anything that happens.
latest MLP episode: I groaned as often as I laughed. standard CMC episode. In fact the CMC didn't seem to take ANYTHING from this event.
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
@ItionoBen *already has it for 3DS VC because Ambassador* hopefully soon, it is the easiest but it's still really fun.
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
back to the recording booth today. about half the audio is done and then I need to haul out the camcorder
I liked a @YouTube video 
look I'm loving the habs game but I wanna be home with my Tim Horton's coffee.
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch @ItionoBen I regret not what I have said.
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch @ItionoBen Tododile is best Johto starter...
@AlexTheAutarch @ItionoBen Lester B Pearson Pokemon Frenzy = all the starters for everybody..in short I had a Grovyle :P
@KitsuneHawk @ItionoBen @BoltOfShadow I did too, once I had beaten sapphire emerald was just extra fluff I blazed through
@AlexTheAutarch @ItionoBen WE DO NOT SPEAK OF THEE MILTANK
@FawfulsMinion FAW-FUL! FAW-FUL!! FAW-FUL!!!
@ItionoBen TO THE FLEXING!
yeah I'm weird whenever I haul out my haupaugge I start a recording then pick a time to start audacity and send the time to myself.
you know how I know I lack a lot of friends? when one of the 3 conversations I keep saved is messages from myself with time notes
@ItionoBen the kubrick sounds like quite the serene experience.

I feel like I should be surprised. but I'm really not remotely surprised
and oh hell what if donnel's still a villager? morgan would have even more further level progressions. the brokenness. I feels it.
That's a fucking terrifying though. morgan's already a beast as it is. let alone with donnel's growth.
I don't know why but I just thought of something scary: Donnel and the avatar marrying...donnel's growth skill would go to morgan.
I just found the perfect line for this section of my awakening script...too bad it's @ItionoBen 's twiiter joke. shit.
even better with flavoured cream. hazelnut coffee with Cinnabon flavored cream? ALL OF MY YES!
I don't know why, but that bittersweet taste, and enticing aroma when it's freshly brewed *shivers* nothing quite like it.
I don't think I mention this enough, but I REEAAALLLY LOVE coffee.
@gurosen Why a bathroom of all places? Like is a person's desk no longer an acceptable group talk location?
@SirAmpharos @ItionoBen I didn't know the rest of the dub was out yet, where you find?
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
Have I ever mentioned I REEEAAALLLY LOVE COFFEE?
Video: princessmoonshinelaserbeam: weloveshortvideos: Hanging out with Sabrina the snow leopard cub HOW... 
@QuartrGuy @ItionoBen oh god my crack! soo manny mooooodsssss
#5WordFilmPlots
@QuartrGuy #5WordFilmPlots Yu-Gi-Oh! Bonds Beyond Time - "Cards, time tavel, and motorcycles!"
let it be known typing with a band aid on your finger is bullshit
me (dying): "everything is a-okay!!!"
@markiplier that is one adorable and very happy dachshund right there.
YouTube what'd you do? that's my only way of replying to comments right now I need that function to work goddamnit!
wait no no no no no where are my channel comments. oh fml fml fml fml!
@gurosen I find both equally stress inducing. calling I panc trying to start conversation. answering I panic continuing it.
this is going to be a looong video. 30 minutes easy.
but in this case I need it otherwise what I'm saying lacks context &amp; proper explanation and can be taken the wrong way./
this is another reason I'm not making this a countdown. I need to cover a lot of ground that normally would be fluff.
or get my facts wrong or say something that comes across as hateful or biased. I'm walking on a tightrope grey line here.
definitely taking as much time as possible with this fire emblem script. I can NOT afford to let something come out wrong
what fire emblem to play next? Radiant dawn, sacred blade, 7, or geneology of the holy war? or maybe I should play partia?
Nintendo..... 
@gurosen get vegeta to do the plumbing. either the place'll explode, water'll be evrywhere or it'll be fixed.
story of my piece of shit life. I'm fucking done. goodbye.
once again someone I trusted, someone I truly valued has treated me like a goddamned stepping stone.
Because Heaven for fucking bid the one goddamn fucking time I need someone because I'm in pain. they ignore me and run off.
this is why I don't trust people, this is why I don't have friends and why friends don't stick
Love how I'm still panicking right now and the one person I need to talk with who offered to talk has essentially gone awol for about 6h.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Well this is certainly new. I've had fits of panic from night terrors before, but I've never had it last ALL DAY.
@FawfulsMinion I feel your pain man. I'm 5 seconds from having a panic attack from a night terror last night...everyone is brushing it off.
If you're trying to sell me a game, splitting it into 2 and forcing me to buy both for full retail price makes me want to punch you.
You're not fitting 3 games into one if you are in fact splitting them up.

I'm glad for the return of challenges older games had, I'ms till very against splitting the game like this.
I'd prefer to see people laugh while I cringe at the pain, then be cringing at the pain and have people hover over me like I just died.
That's just how I am. I'm a literal and figurative punching bag, I can take a lot of hits, and I exist to please others.
I have been sitting in a hospital bed pumped continuously with narcotics for the pain I was in and I made fun of myself to make people laugh
One thing to know about me folks: I will try my damnedest to make a joke of any bad situation.
I looked at him and said "I'm 17 in high school applying for college, work 4 shifts a weekm and wrestle 2 other days. I don't have the time"
guy asked like 30 times if I was sure I was okay and didn't want to press charges or anything.
"No shit the dog tried to bite me!"
I just laughed at him and the dog, I was like "dude I'm covered in black clothing at 7 PM, it's pitch black out, and I walked towards you"
another time a dog bit me on my way to wrestling practice in high school. and the owner instantly paniced.
like the guard came over and just had a look of "OH FUCK WHAT'S HE GONNA DO TO THE DOLPHIN" My response was "no biggie just a scratch.
I still can never get over the freaked out look someone makes when they see their animal bit me in some way.
thankfully I was in salt water when it happened (and I mean so salty there must've been a whale orgy) so it was instant;y disinfected.
got out of the water and say I had a rigged cut in my toe. trainer saw it and told me what I already knew.
this one swam with it's mouth open apparently because next thing I know my foot get's really warm and then I get a sharp pain.
I realised what it was and I just kind of shrugged it off, just thought it wasn't paying attentions. then the other one came by
then as we were all getting out of the water all of a sudden one dolphin smims underneath me and hits my foot with it's fin.
was in cuba and went on this "swim with dolphins" event. there were about 20 or so of us there and we pet them, they did tricks, usual shit.
suddenly remembered the time a dolphin cut my toe with it's teeth.
Wish I was part of that 99% of adults that don't get them, because FML I hate them. I'd take a nightmare any day over this shit.
Hell one time when I was 6 I experienced one so vivid I thought it was a memory...it can get that bad.
I can vividly tell you what happened in crystal clear detail what has happened in every night terror I have ever had.
but the difference is a nightmare I usually forget within a few minutes, two hours tops.
Like the dream itself truth be told doesn't necessarily have to be something horrifying, it can be the simplest of bad things.
If you've never had a night terror you are a very lucky individual. I've been awake for over 4&amp;1/2 hours and I'm still shaking.
A fox made a bacon sandwich in Chernobyl. I don't think I'll be topping that today.
Night Terrors I hate you. Still shaking.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
when stress and kidney pain keep you from sleeping: time for some coffee and starting DareDevil
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 
@MHZero75 so that's why it was so inexpensive...not that a case is hard to replace XD
I liked a @YouTube video from @jaclynglenn 
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 

If Enterprises is considered canon in the Star Trek series, Dragonball fans are gonna have to live with GT bein…
I see explosions, large open areas, a gliding suit. and lots of grapple hook...I like what I see. #JustCause3
@QuartrGuy Curses! one day earlier and it would be on my birthday!
This really sucks. I WANT to play FNAF right now but I can't because of these stupid wrists of mine.
@LittleshyFiM @BronyCon PRAYING FOR MY MONEY TO GET HERE!!
@ACFromDaBranch @MrRepzion Give this man a free drink and a hug.
If anyone has some form of mod for fnaf2&amp;3 that uses keyboard controls PLEASE LET ME KNOW!
but as it is, my body LITERALLY can't handle these controls. it's not the game's fault it's mine.
keyboard controls? I can handle that for the most part, but with a series like FNAF I would love it. I'd go crazy with it.
I can hear the "git gud" cries already, but I honestly physically can't handle a mouse.
I mean FNAF is tense, but having less than 100% control only makes it 100000X worse
I think it's the mouse controls. My wrists hurt only a minute or so in, and then I'm failing to hit what I need to, and then I panic
Well I'm not sure why, but I have lost conviction to play FNAF
pizza places are awsome! XD 
Photo: I would kill for a cuddle right now. 
I guess with a 4th game on the way I'll need to catch up. Tonight I go back. #readyforfreddy
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video from @therealtealdeer 
I liked a @YouTube video from @wiidude83 
But that doesn't mean I'm not open to hear what everyone prefers so I can work with that information.
at the end of the day it's MY channel and I'll do whatever the fuck I damn well please with it.
It's NOT an indefinite decision whatever wins the poll. I'm only creating it to get an idea on what you all like more.
I think I'll let that poll sit for about a month and I'll make an announcement video for it as well.
Help me decide what to do from here on out. what do you like to see more of? 
I think this demands a strawpoll.
rather than spend hours on end working on countdowns (which I'll still do) and have my channel go barren.
truth be told I've been debating it for awhile on whether or not I'd put effort to try putting up let's plays.
*sigh* I think I've delayed it enough. I'll be setting up my haupaugge for one last attempt. and with any luck I'll win #ReadyForFreddy
WHAT IN THE FUCK IS ON 
would love to see that author's face turn red if ghomeshi is innocent.
Guy hasn't even been proven guilty
people are releasing (MASSIVE AIR QUOTES) a tell-all BOOK about his actions.
so...megaman &amp; samus beat the sa-x....and megaman wins...I am so confuzzled but that FIGHT WAS AWESOME!
@gurosen I'm in the same boat.
I liked a @YouTube video 
@gurosen wait wut? *looks outside* huh...rain by bayers road.
*spends day fearing snow*
to all of my friends 
I say it with magix, I say it with computershare, I say it with UPS I'll say it here: FIX YOUR SHIT NINTENDO!!
if I buy a game I want to be able to play everything in the main game WITHOUT having to pay for it TWICE.
But this shit with Fire Emblem IF: is completely seperating an entire game into two. and locking it behind a paywall.
the only of the games that had a major difference was ruby and sapphire which had different villains depending on the version.
pokemon has small and entirely negligable differences such as which pokemon appear in which bush and which legendary you get.
And before you counter with pokemon let's be clear about something:
Am I really the only one getting really pissed off about this??
DO NOT let Nintendo get away with this bullshit. Locking HALF OF THE GAME behind a $40 paywall. WTF??
you will have to pay for the game twice, even though YOU OWN THE GAME AND BOTH PATHS ARE IN THE GAME!!
but Nintendo is locking it behind a paywall. a paywall you'll need to pay full retail price for.
let me repeat that: The full game and both paths are available on both copies of the cartridge,
In Japan you have to pick one copy of Fire Emblem: IF, no matter which you pick, one of the paths will be locked until you pay up.
Fuck Nintendo. you're already making bad business decisions as it is. don't lock basic game elements behind a $40 paywall.

#gamergate #SPJEthicsWeek 
Reblog if you’re older than the Nintendo GameCube - doodlingfanboy: 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
@MHZero75 *raises hand in shame*
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen @SupaGh well in  canada's copyright act it's REQUIRED to cite copyrighted works.
I want to make great countdowns and I'm trying to control my length, and I always kick myself that I've failed twice in a row now.
the only list I've done in which I felt the length was nescessary, was blade battles. and even than I could've cut 7 minutes off easy
I'm guilty of this too. I've made countdowns longer than I should've and I'm not proud of it.
I'll throw my thoughts in on this. You should NOT aim to make a countdown long.
@MHZero75 No they should not. my top 15 was 48 minutes and even I say that was stupidly long.
@MHZero75 okay woah what now? I mean my top tens aren't the shortest but nowhere near an hour!
@ItionoBen If I could make my lists shorter I would, but when I do. travesties happen.
@ItionoBen I only do it because
a: I prefer to talk more
b: I'm bad at making points without being specific.
@rabbidluigi mechanically no, but there's alot more content. the extra stuff is worth it though...and controller support
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I'll have to do the on camera stuff another day (need good apartment lighting and all) but, overall this is a fun list.
fuck ups aside, the audio recording for underappreciated games is going pretty nicely.
@MHZero75 @rabbidluigi reminded me how I'm only two levels away from finishing it, and how I've got guacamelee sitting on my ps4
I liked a @YouTube video 
tmw: you get an absolutely perfect recording, and you discover the sound hits past the db max...#recorditagain #underappreciatedgames
just found this out: in japan FE:IF is having two seperate releases. one for each path...please don't do this in north ameroca
I liked a @YouTube video from @gurosen 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
so: silent hills is cancelled, I possibly broke something in my hand, and I was ticketed by a cop yesterday. Life: Fuck you.
I liked a @YouTube video 
#spoilyourfavoritegamewithoutcontext You blow up a planet to save the universe. and everyone will hate you for it.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
uurgh stuck at work until 4:30...I think it's time to evacuate twitter before I see something I don't want to see.
#WhyINeed48HoursInADay so I have more time to play these RPG's in my backlog.
I've had Africana coffee before and this is NOT Africana coffee. this is mock irish cream at best.
My last coffee before I have to start a FODMAP diet and I picked this shitty coffee.
@QuartrGuy otherwise if you like vocaloid music, and you like rythm games, you'll like diva f
@QuartrGuy It's pretty fun, though having to resync the tv delay for almost every song can be extremely tedious
I liked a @YouTube video from @gurosen 
all because of a DINOSAUR display. OH NOES CALL THE RELIGION POLICE!!
she called the customer employee biased and rude when this woman was screaming in the store, and (rightfully) the employee kicked her out.
A woman apparently is calling Kirkland "Evil" for having a dinosaur display, and is calling heracy and prejudice.
I just had the most HORRID IDEA....Twitch Plays Fire Emblem....
@MHZero75 Don't you love being up here in Canada where we don't deal with THIS level of stupidity?
@MHZero75 well there was, it just wasn't as large. plus people and businesses and events boycotting the state has just as large an impact
@MHZero75 Believe me I was laughing when I first heard about it being made. I thought there was NO WAY it would pass....I wish I was right.
@MHZero75 Sadly I am. it happened at the start of april in indianna 
@MHZero75 They already put a bill through that allows businesses to refuse service for LGBT people. Nothing is impossible.
@ItionoBen @MHZero75 yeah the one that took until 2012 to fully translate.
@Ninjato16 I believe I got the ROM from emuparadise and the english patch is on 
@Ninjato16 Doesn't really fit into a tweet very well calling it Fire Emblem 12 is easier.
@Ninjato16 Fire Emblem: New Mystery of the emblem - heroes of light and shadow.
@ItionoBen @MHZero75 shadow dragon is 11
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen and anyone else: If you're going to try any earlier fire emblem games start with 12. Permadeath is option in it too.
You knew he existed throughout the game but you don't hear from or see him until the very end of the game.
It was challenging for the most part, but the boss itself has so many weaknesses and he only showed up for the final chapter.
Sadly the final boss was rather disappointing.
Well busy morning for me but anyway update of the day: I BEAT FIRE EMBLEM 12 LAST NIGHT!
@MHZero75 damnitall I'm gonna miss it!!
@gurosen I'm SURROUNDED in a 2-floor building by IT people who don't play ANY Games...It's terrifying!!
@MHZero75 Agreed....yet melee and 64 cause me no problems...
I liked a @YouTube video 
it's too goddamn much
Even worse the ending of the episode is replaced with the state alchemist theme, and the following episode debuts the 3rd opening "undo"
Godamnit I've watched FMA over a dozen times already, this didn't hurt near as much as it does right now!!
HNNNNNNNNGGG AND THERE ARE THE TEARS!!!!!! WHY HUGHES!!???
No please Maes! stop snooping! I don't want you to die! WHY DID I DO THIS TO MYSELF!?!?
*picks up where I left off in FMA*
OH FML Maes Hughes!! WAAAAH!!
@NintendoAmerica How about getting Fire emblem Shin Monshō no Nazo ~Hikari to Kage no Eiyū~ over here on the DS Virtual Console?
In 2016, there will be three movies that focus on a conflict between a cynical high tech billionaire CEO of... 
@gurosen I feel your pain. I turn into a ball of ice around anyone I don't know.
@QuartrGuy #RuinThePartyIn5Words I am now a Darkling
@QuartrGuy *brain hemorrhages*
@QuartrGuy *INTERNAL SCREAMING*
"What the older Fire Emblems did for death, the new game does for relationships" @Kotaku 's review: 
one line of @Kotaku 's review sums up a major shift awakening has:
@ItionoBen @OfficialTSW1 That was the most beautiful answer. I'm trying not to cry from laughter..and failing.
I feel like a fan of SA2 constantly finding more problems the more I look back at it.
I'm only finishing my 5th fire emblem game tonight and I can tell this is a problem.
And that game had some of the most broken skills ever at the time, but awakening has it on a whole new scale.
Like that blows my fucking mind. what is the NEED for this!? for 84 goddamned skills minus DLC? Sacred stones got  by with 8!
awakening: Here have extra stats! Have extra growth! have instant kills! Have every unit nearby gain stat boosts up the wazoo!
I mean some skills could be pretty nasty to enemies in older games, but they were nothing game breaking and had specific conditions.
Including rallies: 84
including DLC: 92
do tell me: HOW IS THIS OKAY?!?
In Awakening excluding rally skills and DLC skills there are 77!!
so fun fact the largest amount of skills in fire emblem was previously 19 in Radiant Dawn.
[My Best Fans] @Rogueshadow75 @MHZero75 @TheTrickster193 @QuartrGuy @ItionoBen via 
And the sad thing is: it's true our new bills smell like maple syrup.
My last tweet is the most Canadian tweet I have ever made XD
What does money smell like? — OUR MONOPOLY MONEY CARRIES THINE DIVINE SCENT OF MAPLE SYRUP!! 
I'm becoming more addicted to Fire Emblem, HALP!
providede the last 4 chapters aren't hell on earth I should be able to beat Fire Emblem 12 tonight...and then I'll probably start RD
REBLOG IF YOUR FIRST NINTENDO HANDHELD WAS A GAMEBOY COLOR - doodlingfanboy: Reblog this for the Game and... 
@gurosen NICE!
This is why you proof-read folks, just noticed I didn't go in depth enough for my number 1 segment, and some of the writing came off as lazy
Seriously why didn't we get this in North America it's amazing!
only 4 chapters left in fe12. Still loving it. again not as mich as sacred stones. but definitely more than awakening
@MHZero75 classic moment of: You had one job!
there is a character you get in chapter 17 that literally got old trying to catch up with your army XD this is the greatest thing ever!
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
I liked a @YouTube video 
call me stupid/crazy whatever, but this is important to me and I'm done watching it get worse and worse.
If people unsibscribe over this, I don't want them subscribed to me in the first place. simple as that.
I work my ass off, and for what? for people who won't watch because I carry sonic adventure 2 syndrome??
Not when I put so much goddamned effort into my work, when I lose friends over it, when I fight my own body for it.
I'm glad people like the video and all, but I'm capable of more than that, and I refuse to be known for one video and one video only.
You know it's sad when you put this much effort into your work and this is what you have to do to get your so called "fans" to pay attention
you know what fuck it I've got nothing to lose. time to run an experiment. Top 15 annoying bosses is now UNWATCHABLE
I'm honestly considering making the video private just to watch my subscriber count plummet.
It's like all of my effort in my latest countdown feels wasted because everyone ignores it in favour of a video over a year old.
It's like people are under the impression that video is the only one I've made or ever will make.
This honestly irritates me to no end.
so yeah youtube's subscriber view analytics revealed what I already knew. peopleonly watch top 15 annoying bosses.
I....Regret...NOTHING!! 
someone made an axiom verge....no...no not the meme I can't...but...I must...
@gurosen yes...yes there are 
Holy hell. apparently fire emblem: Gaiden had unbreakable weapons 0.0
@TheTrickster193 well you can tell you're friend they should do their research. because awakening is 13.
@TheTrickster193 umm dude awakening is 13..I beat that years ago. 12 is the one before it which never came out in north america.
@MHZero75 it's actualyl fairly helpful. at least...when you have fans who actually vote on it.
not just determine what their strength and weakness in stats will be, and what they look like.
That said it's still nice that you can control how your unit will grow AND how they act.
yeah those choices at the start like your past and present? yeah those determine your stats not just your character's personality.
downsides: difficulty spikes, late recruits aren't very useful. and your unit can suck balls based on your choices at the beginning.
support conversations are entertaining, the difficulty is just right, and the chcaracters are MUCH better than they were in shadow dragon.
Sacred stones is still my favorite for numerous reasons, but 12 still has plenty of likeable features.
Only 8 chapters left in Fire Emblem 12. Loving every minute of it...even the bullshit levels.
@Somecallmejon I fEeL yOuR pAiN
@gurosen thing's you'll probably do: Watch DBZ
*thinks about dark cloud*
*remembers the demon shaft*
*SCREAMS INTERNALLY*
@MHZero75 sad thing is I'm going to play it.
oh hell. dev tools will be released shortly after hatred releases. I can't imagine the distasteful mods that will ensue.
I just realised: Seda is a witcher!
All I will say is unless you know me, you will never know what the last 3 entries are. not even a clue.
opened my mouth too soon, hit another snag with my number one segment.
@MHZero75 I feel your pain, I came up with 3 or 4 already scripting the one I'm working on.
I would love to get this stuff out faster, but I also want it to be top S rank quality. I WANT to take my time with it.
rather than try to get it out quick as part of a deadline and have it just be a "meh"
but I'd rather have something take a long time and put hard work, love and dedication into it. and have it be the best thing ever.
this is one of many reasons I don't see YouTube as a job oppurtunity atm. I take too damn long to release stuff.
I could just try to minimize it as best I could or make it a ""quickie" segment, but I just can't bring myself to do that.
one I want to finish before I declare it entry on a countdown, and the other...I just hit writer's block. so much to cover
Finally back to scripting top ten under-appreciated games. hit a snag with two of the last 3 segments.
@MHZero75 A joke about his gynophobia and you wouldn't have needed much else :P
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen welp...I'm done
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen When the hell?...I mean that makes the whole ridley thing make a smidge more sense, but this is official??
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen I gave up a long time ago man.
@MHZero75 Awsome list. Glad to see you covered the stats and classes of the units rather than just their personality.
What's the biggest lie your parents told you growing up? — well my parents ignored everything I said when I was ... 
Would you prefer to have the power to fly or be invis... — Well I'm afraid of heights even when I know I'm 100% ... 
@ItionoBen last I checked the prime trilogy is canon and takes place between metroid 1/zm &amp; 2. Not sure if hunters is non canon or not.
@QuartrGuy Although I'd say go pro plus, since it has a 64 bit install. I recommend this for one reason only: The audio balancing.
@QuartrGuy Well it's easy to use, it's inexpensive, and I've been using it since top 15 annoying bosses if that's worth anything.
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
recruiting katarina =  THE FEELS!! THEY HURT!!!
this is my normal...this clash of media and genre is normal for me. 
I hated people saying/doing this when I WAS a christian. It pissed me off just as much then as it does now.
trying to avoid as much hate as possible here, but holy fuck is it hard when people say and do stupid shit like this.
again that statement only applies to "most" christians that I have met and spoken with so don't take it too seriously or as fact in any way.
gay marriage? they get pissed off
don't believe in god? they get pissed off.
not christian? they say you're wrong and get pissed off.
the guy says "just ignore it" well I could do that, but most (keyword most) christians have a hard as fuck time doing that why should I?
if I'm at a council meeting around politics, I'd rather get to the fucking point and keep religion out of the conversation.
but if I'm sitting at a political meeting I don't exactly feel happy about the head honchos pouring their beliefs in my face.
I have nothing against religion just before I say this to make this clear.
the guy says "The prayer doesn't claim to any god or religion" the opening line of said prayer "God our creator"
let it be known: Halifax suffers from ignorance as well. 
@ItionoBen I've only got sacred stones, 7, shadow dragon, half of 12, awakening, and a bit of radiant dawn. and even I feel your pain.
@AmaAmaLeeLee if it's just a small cut on the frenulum of your tongue it'll heal on it's own. been there done that a number of times.
@MHZero75 I now have a sudden need to finish fire emblem 12 today. only 11 chapters and 3 side chapters to go.
@joshscorcher I never found the need for mods, I found the base game plenty fun.
@MHZero75 @ItionoBen genealogy of the bong war.
Sacred Stoners
Pot of Radiance
Radiant Bong
I CAN'T STOP HELP.
Do you wear any jewelry? — On rare occasion I wear my High school Graduation ring, and a necklace with a caged s... 
in short: I'd like to be understood and have my points be valid, rather than make a complete ass out of myself.
I love it when this happens tbh, it may delay the video from being made. but I'd rather have proper information and valid criticisms.
So I I'll have to change my approach on the topic, but overall my thoughts haven't changed, only how the thoughts compare to past games.
I also didn't discuss (which @MHZero75 actually brought up) how the broken nature of it is TECHNICALLY optional.
and compared it to FE12 but didn't go into detail on how FE12 can be almost as broken at times.
another example: I brought up how awakening doesn't handle optional permadeath very well.
Ex: I didn't know skills were in geneology of the holy war for the super famicom. I always though it started with path of radiance.
None of the points I make are inherently wrong or anything, just the inforamtion I provide is a bit off.
Okay so definitely glad I put more research time in, sometimes you miss stuff the first time round.
I'll probably still use my hauppauge over the elgato for footage capture, since it still captures raw footage fine, it just hates mics.
I did my first extra life livestream with it and it worked like a dream, so since my hauppauge doesn't like my mic I'll make the jump.
Also I'm currently waiting on some money to come in (Provided nothing goes wrong in the process) so I can get an elgato capture card.
well it's getting warm pretty quick. I think it's as good a time as any to haul out the bucket. #ALSIceBucketChallenge
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
If you'll all excuse me, I need to go pick up a copy of Fire Emblem Radiant Dawn
Fire Emblem/League X Dynasty Warriors almost makes too much sense @joshscorcher
I'm used to tough enemies, I mean I've been playing Fire Emblem since 2008. but Fire Emblem 12 DEMANDS perfect unit EXP Balance.
but I think the only good thing to say about it is you will NEED to use it because the enemies can be powerful as all hell.
If there was a penalty the more I abuse it, like the medic centre in persona Q, this wouldn't be so bad.
But the one thing that makes it MORE abusive, is you can select which unit to grind, and just refresh the RNG to get a weak enemy to grind.
I'd say you lose equipment but really you use iron weapons/E-level magic and that's just 350G for one extra weapon from the armory.
The only thing that makes it LESS broken than reel boxes in awakening is the fact that you LOSE money for using it.
I didn't notice it until now that I actually needed it, but the drill grounds in Fire Emblem 12 is REALLY abusive.
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
brianna wu: go fuck yourself, you ignorant, close minded, sexist, dumbass.
I'm not one for insults but I don't really mind when I'm saying it to someone who is a misandryst, sexist, demon.
because to people like brainna wu: males are forbidden from having any large presence in a game.
and must be the lead protagonist with either only female companions, or no companions.
be either a lesbian or have no romantic feelings or emotion whatsoever.
so I guess in a perfect feminist portrayal, the woman must be: strong enough to lift literall mountains.
when the movement for gender equality including in video games. becomes so intollerant, that the women portrayed can't love a male.
when the movement for gender equality. became complete misandry, and making women be treated like they can do no wrong.
You know there's a problem when the basic principles of feminism have been twisted into a state of irony.
I'd rather explain a million times over what I mean when I say I'm an "Equalist" rather than defend being a feminist.
This is why I don't identify as feminist, because then I get compared and grouped with these dumb fucks.
that she will attack ANY game just because a woman isn't portrayed as the best person on the fucking planet with no feelings for men
in reality I'm both pissed the fuck off. but also laughing my ass off, because this woman is so uninformed and ignorant.
My sarcasm is reaching an all time high today
OHH NOO CALL THE FEMINISM POLICE!!! A LEAD FEMALE HAS FEELINGS FOR A MALE CHARACTER!! GAAASSSPPpp!!
but then she goes right the fuck to xenoblade chronicles calling it sexist, because the female who shows up less than 3 hours in has a crush
so according to brianna wu: if you don't have a woman with in the first 7 hours. it's automatically sexist.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video from @valkyrstudios 
@KitsuneHawk @rabbidluigi Axiom Verge, Super meat boy.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
......I can't....too much....star wars.....can't handle it....too...mind.....blown....*shivers*
I liked a @YouTube video 
#ImReallyFeelingIt #SweepsEntry  Beautiful world, I cried within the first 4 hours, go play it now!
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
#LGBTLivesMatter in fact #AllLivesMatter
The mere THOUGHT of shoving chemicals into my already broken body to control my brain gives me chills.
It's also why I've never gone to be tested for depression, ADD/ADHD or any other mental issues.
I say "fit" because I've never been diagnosed, and don't plan on being tested for it. because medication scares me.
I fit clinical anxiety in terms of how bad I am in public places, and especially meeting/talking to people in said places.
Also if anyone sees me at @animaritime (or conventions in general) be warned I'm not good at holding a conversation.
@MHZero75 so that's why my twitter started to show sa2 all of a sudden, Goddamnit @YouTube . didn't get a single notification
but it is what it is, so it looks I'll be attending @animaritime this summer instead.
It sucks; especially considering how it happened, and how @Computershare was of no help.
Meaning the seats I need from @AirCanada , because they are inexpensive enough will most certainly not be available in June
Unfortunately I'll have to wait until next year to go to @BronyCon , as the money I need won't get in my pocket until June at the earliest.
So now that I've calmed down since yesterday:
Who would you cast to play you in a movie? — I'm very good at understanding people, but the problem with this is... 
Can you truly love more than one person? — Polyamory, it's a thing. 
these people don't understand Metroid if they think it's an FPS series 
on yet another bad note...@QuartrGuy ....it's taunting me 
on a brighter note @QuartrGuy might foam at the mouth over this 
thank you @Computershare of being no help and ruining my trip
It's going to take 6 weeks to get the money that should've taken 4 days. My trip to @BronyCon is fucked. gone.
@Computershare already asked for help your people told me they couldn't help
Harrison Ford is looking pretty good for his age #StarWars
my mind, just could not handle...dat trailer. oh I'm sweating now.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I expect this from FOX not CBC. Giving in to what the people want, and disregarding facts. good fucking job you idiots.
better hope he's guilty CBC because if he isn't you just made yourselves look like a bunch of dumbasses.
they have yet to prove any of the things these women claim are true, but CBC went and fired people. and blamed it on ghomeshi.
They have yet to prove whether ghomeshi is guilty or innocent.
A major media outlet gave in to assumptions and lack of evidence. 
oooh ooohh...I just cracked my neck for the first time in almost 8 months..oooooooooohhh that felt so good.
This made me laugh WAY harder than it should've 
also I'm less than 5 hours into xenoblade and I'm level 15, are starting levels just too easy or is the nn3ds version just broken?
so definitely got some changes to make, but they're only minor, my examples just weren't entirely correct,
or that the class change system was better than I gave it credit for in shadow dragon and 12.
for example I didn't know until the other day that the rescue system was taken out of FE12
Some of the stuff I researched was via wiki and personal experience, and some of the stuff on the wiki sin't 100% correct.
also I'm glad I let my awakening video sit until I finish my countdown, noticed some incorrect facts.
on the hunt for Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn, never had the chance to finish the game, time to end that fact.
than the next battle they leveled up again. Glitch saved me another 20 minutes or so of grinding. #BestGlitches
(cont) reyne still was two battles away, and when he did, both shulk and reyne magically had their exp filled halfway
best glitch ever happened last night: Playing xenoblade and shulk leveled up...
If I miss @BronyCon because of this Bullshit I'm going to be ABSOLUTELY LIVID
Thanks alot @Computershare despite having the share certificate, and clarifying there was a mistake I now have to spend MY money to fix this
@Computershare You're toll free line also doesn't work as I tried calling 5 times to instant busy line. I don't have the ability to mail you
@Computershare now I have to cancel my trip to baltimore in august because I thought Certificate withdrew the market value of shares.
@Computershare Because you're site didn't make it clear with what does what, I now have 21 shares I need to sell that I can't
I liked a @YouTube video from @jkcompletesit 
Someone started watching Shakugan No Shana because of my intro!
AND THEY LIKE IT!! 
@AmaAmaLeeLee This is reason #254294821 I moved into my own place.
@MHZero75 BEHOLD!! THE GREAT CANADIAN INTERNET GAME HUNTER!!!
(no seriously that's beyond lucky)
@MHZero75 (Already has it for NN3DS) Where in the hell for $15 bucks?? at that 15 Canadian bucks???
@QuartrGuy And here I am stuck at work until 5PM...
hey @Activision you've revived Guitar Hero, How about reviving Prototype?
@FawfulsMinion you got a WiiU code and 2 3DS codes?? interesting development.
create a character, support conversations, optional permadeath was done by 12 first.
12 feels like a step forward from shadow dragon, and brought some of the features seen in awakening.
It has it's problems sure, but it still plays and feels like a true Fire Emblem game. Deep strategy, well written characters, etc.
I can't wait to talk about Fire Emblem 12 to be honest
Fire Emblem: mystery of the emblem ~ Heroes of light and shadow
that's 63 characters.
also the reason I say Fire Emblem 12 rather than it's full name, is because it's too fucking long.
I say that but I'll probably just put the codes in, Play one or two matches, and go right back to Fire Emblem 12.
Now I wait till my return home to input these codes....it's been far too long my friend #MewtwoDLC
@Nekoblivion7 Or that, either or could be the case.
@Nekoblivion7 Ah I'd say Too many people probably getting the same item so the server is spitting out the closest to correct error message.
@Nekoblivion7 You mean the DLC codes or the Club Nintendo codes??
Like for fuck's sake I got cavaliers and knights I need to level up, can't do that if they take 20 years just to move halfway across the map
so in Fire Emblem 12 there's TWO desert levels, only 1 chapter apart from each other...
stiiillll waiting.... #MewtwoDLC
Just waiting for that MewTwo code to get here, all the while DKC: TF downloads.
NO PLEASE NO! I CAN ONLY PICK ONE GAME! GODDAMNIT SO MANY CHOICES! #clubnintendo
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @gaijingoomba 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
@TheTrickster193 debatable, but this time round, it's really aparent.
@QuartrGuy 
watching footage of FMA2: COTE and bad memories of the horned golem resurfaced *shiver*
I didn't feel impressed I felt disappointed.
I get what they're going for, but when the text "this isn't what it feels like to play GH Live, this IS GH Live" came up
No animations other than the music track, the rest is live action...something about that seems...wrong
is it just me? or does the new guitar hero seem really fucking lazy?
I liked a @YouTube video 
STOP SPYING ON MEEE!

@AngryJoeShow persona Q, tales of the abyss, a link between worlds, bravely default I hear is great, and others I can't think of.
I liked a @YouTube video from @gurosen 
also nagato yuki owns a PS Vita. Hi Sony product placement #notactuallyproductplacement
also Nagato is so cute it's criminal
first coffee in a month, and a new episode of the nagato yuki anime...this is a good night
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I know OF PEOPLE like @Gurosen but I don't ACTUALLY KNOW anyone to give tickets to.
So I can get 3 extra early screening tickets for Age of Ultron through work. The Problem: I don't know anyone in Halifax.
@MHZero75 I had a friend who hates @JonTtron just because he mocked Star Fox adventures...he had never heard of the game until that day.
@MHZero75 0.o.....In the quiet words of the virgin mary: Come again?
@MHZero75 999: game of murder
castlevania: dark monsters, murder, resurrecting the dead, cursing.
@MHZero75 *sigh* because if a game isn't M it's automatically "kiddish".
@MHZero75 Castlevania, legend of zelda, the world ends with you, 999
@MHZero75 I don't think he remembers no more heroes or madword eh?
@MHZero75 That seems like a petty reason to hate Nintendo. That'd be like me saying I hate Microsoft for scalebound and tomb raider 2
I don't know if I'll be bale to do Metroid month this year but damnit I'll try. It's been on my list of events for almost 2 years now.
for two: I'd like to get more than two countdowns out this year unlike last year.
For one it'll give me more time to study the script and make sure I didn't go too far or make a nitpick bigger than it is.
Decided that I'll do my video on awakening's problems after I do my next countdown.
Within less than 8 months Scott Cawthon created a subcategory of indie games. Kudos all a-God-damned-round.
That's when you know you've made a successful franchise.
Five Nights at Freddy's games that aren't made by SC are now within a subcategory of indie games on Wikipedia.
Photoset: So much respect right now. and yet the higher ups still don’t get it. 
Photoset: valley-guy: zohbugg: cleolinda: cinematicnomad: apparently e.l. james called former child star... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
Photo: that is one happy and beautiful pitbull 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
That said I'll just do another episode of fnaf2 to make up for it.
so until I get another capture card like an elgato, I'll be unable to stream from here on out
My hauppaugge is currently unwilling to allow a microphone or camera to be used, meaning I can't do anything other than show gameplay
So I'm sorry to say I'm gonna have to cancel the extra life streams from here on out.
@KitsuneHawk around the 250 to 300 range I believe
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
ooooh boy 50 minutes to watch through for this new let's play..goddamnit all
I liked a @YouTube video from @amazingatheist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @gurosen 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@KitsuneHawk try logging out and back in again.
thequarterguy: screenager-jpg: okay so my grandma had this friend and he was late to everything, but he... 
oh hello pain, I thought you were taking off but apparently you felt like coming back. FML
Don't let this pass us by once more! vote for #IndieGames2015 
What's the best way to spend $1,000,000? — charity 
I'll let you all decide what I should do about my beard 
@MHZero75 My soul can't handle that...just...please no.
@MHZero75 This had better do well and make it to consoles. I NEED more Dissidia
@MHZero75 better than nothing I suppose.
@MHZero75 wait it was shown? where?? I couldn't find it anywhere this morning.
Thanks to omega snake for getting me into DFO last night, might end up Binge playing it this weekend.
Anonymous said: Can't you agree that everyone needs some eye candy once in a while? Even married ones can... 
Photoset: thequarterguy: hakusotorakugaki: 寒す D’awwww Cuteness…overload 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
so that new trailer for black ops 3 makes me think the characters are going to morph into the tokumei sentai Go-busters .
@gurosen Congrats! :D
@MHZero75 For Dissidia? FUCK YES
@MHZero75 Atlantic Standard Time, 4 hours ahead of you.
@MHZero75 If you want an idea on why permadeath can be fun, try FE12. The option to have it off is there, but it's equally punishing.
@MHZero75 0.0 I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT THIS....
Knights, Cavaliers, and other such units, which are normally you're best units early game: Useless in desert areas.
Worst part of ANY Fire Emblem game: Desert Chapters...
@gurosen at least you have another receptionist, I'm the ONLY person properly trained to do the call support where I work.
@gurosen I still feel the original is better than the brotherhood, but that's probably more from nostalgia than anything :P
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@MHZero75 It would take me so many words to explain dude...
Let me ask you all a question: does 18 cysts on my kidneys sound healthy???
@gurosen The shipping...I can hear it from here.
@ItionoBen But you still aren't Grima, you were made to be a vessel yes, but you don't end up being that host.
@ItionoBen Plus Your unit isn't auto Grima therefore dies with it, your unit is destined to be Grima via Validar.
@ItionoBen Your future self (who became Grima in the future) travelled with Lucina to either force you to be Grima or to take your place.
I'm too indecisive for my own good.
I love how I said I'd just stay off the internet for the day because my stress is screwing my brain up and yet I'm still here...
@gurosen It's amazing how making a game people hated, turned into making a game trilogy now getting a film on it
@ItionoBen Your unit: From future
Grima: From alternate future Lucina is from
Killing your alternate self somehow kills you as well
...Wut?
about 1&amp;1/2 hours till my doc. appointment and I'm so terrified I'm going to be told the same thing again. I need something told to me.
@ItionoBen Only how it left a sour taste because it feels like a lose lose, plus it's a goddamn paradox how your unit dies
@ItionoBen I don't have a problem my unit dying, but until after the creds I'm left with a feeling I lost no matter how I dealt with Grima
@ItionoBen The only reason I brought it up in the video is because I was discussing Grima from start to finish, not the end credits.
@ItionoBen and I'm not denying there is more to it than that, but it wasn't a nescessary point to "thoroughly" explain over a boss fight.
@ItionoBen which is what people have been doing for over a year regarding how I state in my list that the player's unit dies
@ItionoBen I don't have a problem with the scenario itself, I have a problem with people insulting me for the things I say.
@ItionoBen I'd call fading from existance a pretty evident death, revived or not
Do you prefer a bath or shower? — I normally take a shower because it's quicker than taking a bath...but when I ... 
Thanks @MHZero75 for pointing out me being el stupido, today is just not my day.
This doc. appointment is just stressing me right the fuck out and evidently I'm not thinking clearly.
Okay I'm only making a fool out of myself today, I'm just gonna not think today.
@MHZero75 *checks interwebz again*...*realises he was loking at morgan credits*...Imma get off the internet today
Oh F**K MY LIFE, I just realised I didn't add one last sentence to my last list and the joke can be horribly mistaken as an insult.
even if it is My original point still stands: Revived or not, your unit STILL DIES.
Meaning your unit ENDGAME is possibly NOT the unit that dies when you kill Grima.
for two: the game states that your unit at the end of the game MAY BE from a different future than the others.
for one: Your character seems to lose their memories.
k so there are accomplishments in awakening, however there's one small loose end there to the whole "you get revived" thing
@MHZero75 Yeah Imma stupid, didn't think about that one.
@MHZero75 I did and I don't remember it coming up...maybe the pain is clouding my memory Imma go to a wiki
0.0 Someone is trying to merge super metroid and metroid fusion into ONE game...I'm both excited and terrified #SuperMetroidXFusion
Nintendo you need to fix this shit 
#NintendoEmbraceYT
But that'd be a waste of time either way. I'm just frustrated people don't think and listen to my points before throwing insults around
So in short YOUR UNIT STILL DIES. PERIOD. I'm honestly so fed up with this I'm ready to just nuke any further comments.
because UNLIKE previous games, awakening doesn't list your units' future accomplishments, meaning it's ONLY an implication
Yes it's IMPLIED your character comes back to life some time after the battle, but an implication is not definite.
Whether you come back or not, your character STILL DIES.
Keep in mind I put an annotation at that point in the video about 3 months ago stating what I'm about to say:
It's amazing people still call me stupid, an idiot, ignorant, etc. because I talk about how you die if you kill Grima in Awakening.
Go watch FullMetal Alchemist right now 
@MHZero75 actually heroes of light and shadow did it first...and better in my books
I liked a @YouTube video from @mr12603 
I liked a @YouTube video 
But I'm still in a large amount of pain and I feel like all my energy and strength are gone. I can barely walk a straight line.
Well I managed to avoid a hospital trip today, and the pain has gone down for the time being.
Like say, I don't know, a doctor, a surgeon to cut out whatever the fuck is wrong with me, ANYTHING if it'll end this year long nightmare!
and now I'm scared. I'm on the verge of passing out and the pain is the only thing keeping me awake. Would love for some help right now.
I would elect the hospital in this situation normally but, oh that's right! The hospital would rather me 6 feet in the ground,
I quite literally CAN NOT MOVE without being in so much pain I immediately assume the fetal position. I couldn't go home if I wanted to.
My mother keeps telling me to go home, and I'm looking at her like "I don't think you understand what I'm saying right now"
Well this is great. I LITERALLY CAN'T MOVE without agonizing pain
My body is simon, food is the medusa heads, nausea is the axe knights and being awake is the fucking hallway
it's like that fucking hallway in castlevania.
today: eating ofr drinking causes me pain, but so does not eating, and eating makes me feel sick. FUCK.
so yesterday eating made me feel sick, but not eating caused me pain.
@gurosen You can get Burgers?? Best I can get is Subway or cardboard pizza.
Is it possible to justify a murder? — murder no, manslaughter yes. Murder is intentional, and by that I mean the... 
@gurosen Remember waiting 4&amp;1/2 years between shadow dragon and awakening since we didn't 12? I think my patience can handle it.
What is the strangest dream you've ever had? — Brock lesnar holding my legs down and stabbing me with wasps....I... 
because if that's the news I get I'm going to be so easily irritable it's not even remotely funny
I pity the fool who pisses me off.
if my CT scan doesn't indicate something wrong and they tell me they don't know anything on wednesday...
galacticsilk: "be the bigger person" i cant i am only 5’3” 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@AmaAmaLeeLee yeah I get that too time to time, it's essentially a description editor.
@rabbidluigi Last segment surprised me a bit, but I can see your point. Log files aside, it was pretty psychotic.
this is like; the 7th controller that's broken since I first got the damn ps2
WHA-HO-WHAT?!! Are these controllers just not durable enough to sit on a flat surface longer than a few hours?
Broken again...my BRAND NEW WIRELESS PS2 CONTROLLER. No longer even turns on...I have used this controller all of 3 TIMES!
Don't use auto tun in fir emblem. like. ever. 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
Unfortunately yes, I will have to delay my extra life stream for next weekend. My insides are making it painful to move.
Keyword is "might", I'll see how I feel in an hour or two and keep you all updated
UPDATE: Might have to delay stream till next weekend.My bowels have been flaring up this week, and the pain is getting bad, really fast
I won't have a face cam because I lack a proper webcam for streaming but I'll have my camcorder so I can upload it all to YT at a later date
the stream will go for 1&amp;1/2 hours minimum, 2 hours max. and if I beat night 5 within that time I'll be starting FNAF3
for anyone who doesn't already know: I will be playing FNAF2 tonight at 7 PM EST.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
thoughts on mlp season 5 premiere: meh
never been happier for a recap. ended up missing the first 8 minutes #MLPseason5
I love this conversation - I love it when a female comes up to me mid conversation and is like: “excuse me... 
sierramazing: Date someone who after you have awesome sex you can sit on the edge of the bed naked and eat... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@TheTrickster193 goddamnit upload defaults didn't save, thanks for sending me this :)
@TheTrickster193 .....descriptions...they exist
Overheard: Me: *Thinks about dying* Me: *Panics* Me: *Thinks about living* Me: *Panics* Me:... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @loadingreadyrun 
You asked for it! More is coming Saturday! 
I liked a @YouTube video from @lofnakitkat 
the topic just has such a thin grey line it's hard to tell if I'm within it throughout the video
I jave a strong feeling this fire emble. video is going to be my most controversial video ever.
My inability to sleep continues, anyone else up?
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@UPSHelp Thankfully the clerk opened the door and I got my package. but this is ridiculous.
so @UPS first lied where my package was twice, and now when they tell me where it is the store they sent it to is fucking closed FUCK YOU
@gurosen You could play 12 if you haven't played it translated already. It's pretty awsome, even more so if you've played shadow dragon too
@gurosen At least we have a relative time of release. metroid....*sigh* still waiting
Everyone this is a thing. I repeat: this is a thing and not a joke. 
@QuartrGuy There are only platforms, and there are gamers who use them. That should be the end of it.
@QuartrGuy @joshscorcher I'd probably make all the dark cloud characters like I normally do
@AlexTheAutarch Hell original metroid ridley was barely as tall as samus.
Remember this needs to be trending: #RundasForSmash
@QuartrGuy itching for dem rewards eh?
"Hard is trying to rebuild yourself, piece by piece, with no instruction book, and no clue as to where..." 
madmaudlingoes: bropakpro: touch-my-cuboner: zecretary: zecretary: the stereotype that women talk more than... 
I can be really depressing sometimes can't I?
@gurosen I ask the same question to Vegeta in GT.
even more so after previous hospital and clinic visits.
(cont) That should be a cue of: Something is urgently wrong.
When someone comes into emergency with pale green tinged skin and is grabbing his gut for dear life...
If there's one thing I've grown to hate about Nova Scotia, it's how absolutely TERRIBLE our health care system can be.
And at the worst of it all, even if the pain gets unbearably worse, I can't do shit about it, the hospital boots me without doing anything!
I shouldn't be having trouble opening my watter bottle cap.
Keep in mind for the past 3 years I've grown accustomed to either: Lawn work, wrestling, running, and lifting 50-70LB boxes every day.
I'm tired, my insides hurt like hell, and I'm weak.
I honestly feel like I'm dying right now.
vulvapeople: whiskey-and-ink: I think men overall just don’t understand that we cannot stop the blood. If... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
maybe I'll just find some people to make a video with about it.
damn it the stream I was on must've had slow down of some sort, The videos start getting more out of sync in magix.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
Also #RundasForSmash
I don't know which I'm more excited for, the main fire emblem, or smt X FE! both look so goddamned beautiful!
THAT DIRECT HAD SOME FUCKING GOOD SHIT IN IT I'M SO GLAD I RECORDED MYSELF
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
@MHZero75 Yeah I had that happen at like 8:30 this morning.
Hey @NintendoAmerica How about making a fire emblem collection for WiiU? Radiant dawn and path or radiance cost more than xenoblade online.
@MHZero75 I think everyone feels that way.
@AlexTheAutarch If you haven't played Axiom Verge and you've been dying for a good metroidvania, this game should satisfy the craving.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
Are you smarter than a 5th grader is better than this garbage.
Oh my FU- the "host" cuts off the "contestant" mid answer and gives him the points. I call Bull and scripted. and it's a bad kind too!
I don't know where the proof reader or the set designer were during this whole thing but I can smell their booze from here.
I don't know if it's scripted but it certainly feels that way. nothing feels voluntary or ad-libbed.
This Channel Awesome show is absolutely dreadful, it's like all the money they raised went into the paper to write the bad scripts.
@MHZero75 @AlexTheAutarch yeah It's that bad. the more you watch the more scripted it looks and the more painful it is to watch
Back where it belongs. Ze Flamicon is happy 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@QuartrGuy @MHZero75 I got a new 3DS now so #ImReallyFeelingIt
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
@MHZero75 Oh everything you want is gone? 50% off nationwide!
@LauraBaileyVO @MHZero75 @Target meanwhile in Canada @Target is practically empty.
I liked a @YouTube video from @ponyvillelive 
hooookaayyy axiom verge is just...so awsome...so fucking awsome.
the best way to describe axiom verge so far is if sotn and super metroid made babies
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@gurosen you could just bring harvest moon with you :P
@gurosen Vegeta be makin me feel short again...
@MHZero75 Something tells me it'll be apologizing for zelda being delayed and mobile announcements/
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...
...…
@gurosen From the 5&amp;1/2 years I lived there and the two vacations I've gone back since, I've never found. Just more malls.
@Ninjato16 I'm aware, but this is one of the main four Nintendo franchises.
@Ninjato16 No I just REALLY want a new Metroid game. Been waiting almost 5 years now. Come on Nintendo.
@gurosen more than you get in Toronto:
Here's the CN Tower, we can catch a blue jays game...ummmm. Yeah that's all I got.
@gurosen there's the harborview market, there's an anime shop, etc. It depends on what you're looking for
and it's at a good time 7:00 PM Atlantic time AWSOMESAUCOM!
Apparently I need to bite my tongue there is now OFFICIALLY a Nintendo Direct. finally after 3 months...If there isn't SOMETHING for Metroid
@MHZero75 @NintendoAmerica Well that's a thing now apparently....and a thing I don't mind ONE BIT.
How many people do you think you've met in your life? — I can tell you for fact it's at least 1000. I have over ... 
two: the "leaker" notes games that will be released in WINTER 2015...ummm...hate to break it to you but winter's over.
one it's a rumor for APRIL 1ST that spells enough trouble
gonna have to call bull on the nintendo direct rumor.
Photoset: eevee-morgan: I will never not reblog this. Let the reblogs never end. 

More double standards at work as usual.
that moment when you trade your 3ds for a new 3ds and you realise: Your persona q map data is now gone. #FML
and this is why I shouldn't be allowed on the internet, because I find stupid crap I lose my mind over. oh hi camcorder...
@MHZero75 I think I'm in agreement on that one 0.0
I liked a @YouTube video 
because right now It's quite literally gathering dust on my shelf, and that doesn't feel right.
I also think I'll be trading in my PSVita, I'll get it again when I have the money for one with a preinstalled capture card.
@gurosen *is only an inch taller* #ShortPeopleProblems
I'd also consider awakening but that'd require a 3DS capture card I don't have or have the money for.
I'd do Fire Emblem 12, but it doesn't run on full speed on my PC.
In lighter news, would you all want to see me do an LP of fire emblem? It'd probably be sacred stones on WiiU
call it paranoia but that's a little too coincidental especially on top of all the other plane crashes lately.
so there was a shooting 22 miles from baltimore and a plane crashed in Halifax this morning...is the world trying to tell me something?
@gurosen Starting with a game you're familiar with is usually a better option than going in blind.
All these people leaving good comments on my latest countdown. Meanwhile I'm waiting for constructive criticism #GiveMeCriticism
tommorow... #TheHypeIsReal 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@gurosen Would you prefer it at a retail 69.99?
I liked a @YouTube video from @mlpsilverquill 
@gurosen best advice I can give is talk to the camera as if you're talking to yourself.
@gurosen I went to bed at 1:20 AM and woke up 3 times. depression is a bitch.
@bladeblur @gurosen didn't even notice, my bad
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
goddamnit shadow of Mordor you done fucked it up. game was great until the final boss. then it just died.
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@bladeblur @gurosen this site has them for 280 something in CAD. 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mr12603 
damn you TOKYO GHOUL! Season finale cliffhangers are not cool! You are not Shakugan no Shana II, Know your place!
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
all these people crying about the Zelda U delay, and I'm just sitting here waiting for a new Metroid game to be announced.
Tell me...do you want it done fast, or do you want it done right?
@MHZero75 wouldn't mind it at all. I think if you don't like your alias you have every right to change it, no matter the subscriber count.
&gt; Splatoon
&gt; Xenoblade X
&gt; Star Fox
&gt; Yoshi
&gt; Devil's Third
&gt; /POSSIBLY/ SMT x FE
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
And I've got 12 pages written down about why it done fucked it up.
I'm going to make a video about why Awakening is a bad fire emblem game. The game people call the best 3DS game.
well that's 12 pages of me Bashing awakening...What am I doing with my life?
@MHZero75 Don't get me wrong I still enjoy it and it's a damn good game on it's own, but it's not a good Fire Emblem game.
but for basic questions whenever I answer them people assume I'm mad at them for asking. like why??
I'm not angry at replying to comments, don't get me wrong there are aggrivating ones out there and I reply angrily to them.
Why does everyone I reply to think I'm angry with them??
0.0 yeah I'm dead, awakening fans are gonna kill me. my script for this video is already 8 pages long...And I'm not done yet. not even clsoe
@Blazikengod @MHZero75 It could've been a better Fire Emblem game though just saying.
I'm pretty sure I'm going to piss a lot of people off. Hell I even brought MegaMan into it.
I never realised it until I started writing this script but I have A LOT OF PROBLEMS with Awakening.

@gurosen 0.0 I'd be ready to punch someone.
@gurosen Best Buy and future shop have some good ones for 50 bucks.
I can't wait till the day I can make a video about how much damage awakening ended up doing to the series.
I kind of knew it would be the winner so I already started scripting last night...and I put a game I HATE on the list.
Well that's a wrap folks, the poll is closed and the next countdown will be:
Top Ten Under-Appreciated Games!
man did awakening ever spoil players, went to FE12 last night and died MANY times in the PROLOGUE..
I mean in awakening and sacred stones it isn't TOO big a deal, but in lineaf FE games it's a goddamn death sentence.
permadeath isn't a big deal to me because levels don't last long. but blank level ups just...uuugb
you know what's REALLY a killjoy in fire emblem? 0 stat increases on level ups.
@FawfulsMinion fair enough.
@FawfulsMinion a pop filter is good for ANY recording, trust me you get less spikes from certain sounds and words
Don't know why it's taken me this long to play fire emblem 12. 
@QuartrGuy You too? ^&lt;&gt;^ 
@BronyCon Celestia Great MegaZord!
And I have a lack of people that know me well enough to work with me.
top indie games didn't make the @rabbidluigi poll cut. Blast! I'd do it myself but I'd need some help talking about them.
@MHZero75 Congrats Maritimers, we are now proud citizens of...Atlantic Canada!
hey @MHZero75 according to @AirCanada we now live in seperate countries XD
The only thing that comes to mind that we don't burn our wallets for is medicare.
But at the same time we already pay more for food, more for services, more for pretty much everything as it is than the US.
I know why, and I understand why, I mean our dollar isn't worth as much as it used to be and you need to adjust prices I get that.
meanwhile consoles are expected to go up by 50 bucks, and even amiibos are going to cost 18.38 after HST.
console games are soon going to cost 86 dollars at launch after HST.
and handheld games are going to cost 57 after HST.
*sighs* being a canadian gamer really blows right now..
@gurosen I had the same thing problem until a year ago when I moved out. I'd rather be near broke every day than deal with their questions.
Today is your last day to vote on the next countdown if you haven't already, I'll be closing it tommorow morning 
I liked a @YouTube video 
so I got FFX for the vita the other day. Look at this game and that should be an examply for reasons to make games for the VITA #VitaSupport
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video from @boogie2988 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
that and the amount of times I grabbed the hammer when it spawned.
My favorite way to get a kill with samus: air down smash, jump, back kick.
pissed my room mate off so many times in college with that.
@FawfulsMinion I've been playing as samus since the n64 and brawl was the only time I found her not fun to play as.

But I don't. :(
Maybe I'll just watch more anime when I get home, see if that helps.
I don't why but nothing I do is making me feel any better. I'm distracted but I don't feel anything close to myself.
In all seriousness though I've been like this for almost a month now and no signs of it going away.
Depression can you just go away? please?? you're even making video games make me feel worse, how?
@TheTrickster193 possibly no guaruntees.
reading an article about the movie “get hard” - *reading about how people found the movie racist and... 
@gurosen agreed...
@TheTrickster193 what of it?
1800 subscribers as of today, holy fuck! Can't thank you all enough, and quite frankly still can't comprehend it.
I liked a @YouTube video from @kagayakiru 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
Just a reminder to vote for my next countdown here: 
I'll tally the poll on Friday.
Anonymous said: How does one deal with a pesky younger brother who keeps barging into your room and... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@AlphaOmegaSin thoughts? 
I liked a @YouTube video from @boogie2988 
I liked a @YouTube video from @boogie2988 
I liked a @YouTube video from @robotunderdog 
Apparently someone hacked my twitch account...that thing I use for CHARITY!! Really Asshole? how heartless are you?
'twould seem I parodied @quarterguy in my latest countdown. but he also parodied me before as well...should we settle it in smash? =P
I liked a @YouTube video 
6 games down, 6 games to go 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
What's a phrase you use often? — sweet mummified candy apple jesus.
...
I don't know how I came up with it. 
Do you believe in happy ending? — I do for other people. I have been shown time and again that I'll never have o... 
How often do you change your mobile phone? — Once every 2-3 years. I've yet to break a phone and I only upgrade ... 
Gee. I wonder what list I'll be doing next? 
@gurosen What's wrong with Halifax?...besides the weather.
It's time for a Blade Battle, Hope you're all ready! 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
Top Ten Blade Battles will be up soon, so vote for the next countdown here: 
Come one the video's been processing for almost an hour! I've got annotations to add hurry up @YouTube
there's a rumor Gravity Rush is coming to PS4. If true: ALL OF MY YES!! #GravityRushForPS4
Photo: mrenter: Anyone see anything wrong with this picture? Anyone at all? For those who don’t know -This... 
But I can't wait to finish it and show you all how much I put into it.
I had to go through so much footage, grab so many images, and time things so picture perfectly my wrist feels like it'll fall off.
The last segment is about halfway done, this is DEFINITELY the hardest one yet!
@markiplier Don't worry about everyone else. focus on getting better :)
Who else here loves hugs?
OH FAN FUCKING TASTIC! MY FILES ARE COMING UP WITH STATIC IN MAGIX! JUST WHAT I NEEDED AT 7 PM!!! FFEJNVJKEQRNLKVA@*(^*&amp;^*!))!!_)_( #lostit
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
I pay 83 a month for this internet and it's constantly either underperforming or failing altogether.
like the ONE DAY I needed a fuck ton a footage, you decided to just drop like a rock.
welp I'm probably gonna end up playing FNAF2, too much for this segment and my internet is being a dick
Yeah this is good for today 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I don't think I've ever hit the retweet button so fast until @gurosen  tweeted today.
@gurosen *Sniffle* someone understands :')
@markiplier hope everything turns out okay, best of luck Mark!
I know you're trying to self promote, but be realistic here.
so netflix? why would I want to watch house of cards after finishing Samurai Flamenco??
I liked a @YouTube video from @ilovekpalot 
@rabbidluigi thay's usually where I say fuck it. back it up, restore it, and transfer files back over. better safe than sorry.
more than half done the second last segment,  I think that's enough for one night.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video from @bignoknow 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
it's interesting the direction I'm taking my work.
I also both love and dislike I have to clarify which theme I'm talking about because I have 3 of them.
don't know why but listening to my opening theme song seems to pick me up when I'm down.
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy @joshscorcher Because REASONS!!
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
I figured it out! I figured out what to do with the next metroid game!! 
@gurosen I feel your pain, this last hour is taking what feels like 3.
What day would you love to live again? — The day my ex moved in with me(when she was my girlfriend) Have never b... 
Where do you fall asleep besides your bed? — The better question is: where HAVEN'T I fallen asleep besides my be... 
Would you rather get a computer virus or the flu? — definitely a computer Virus. a standard anti-virus can handl... 
@joshscorcher Nay. It may have cheesy voice acting and the animation is evidently dated, but I think it's fine as is.
What's the weirdest item of clothing you own? — A Wrestling Singlet. It's not a weird thing to have mind you, yo... 
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch I still get that whenever I watch Power Rangers...specifically Time Force, and Lightspeed Rescue.
calling it now: Top ten Blade battles will be ready by Monday. If I somehow magically fuck that up: I'll finish FNAF2.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Anonymous said: Isn't the guy shown inside the hydra' stomach selling 'property' at the end, though? He... 
perfect way to sum up my life right now 
"Some nights I wish I could go back in life. Not to change shit. Just to feel a couple things twice." - 6PM... 
"It’s strange being in a relationship then having it end. You know so much about them, what makes them..." 
the 'seems shy at first but crazy as fuck once you get to know them' squad - adoreastrology: Cancer, Leo... 
@gurosen I can't imagine how that call must go.
caller: Get rid of the snow!
reciever: all 65+ CM of it?
caller: yes! rig-
reciever: *click*
Do you consider yourself a creative person? — to be honest...No I don't. and to be a bit more honest I feel like... 
How do you learn best: by listening, watching, readin... — bit of everything really, but it depends on what I'm ... 
also twitter: Please allow editing for tweets, having to delete and repost a tweet is a pain in the ass.
Glad to see people calling out the idiots 
The ice bucket challenge was made to simulate the feeling of ALS if only for a second...what does the twizzler challenge do??
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
kidxanax: Men’s Issues Societal expectations of masculinity Societal expectations to provide for women No... 
#1 reason to tolerate the word 'bae': - thequarterguy: jumpingoffthewalls: linguistika: It’s a... 
@gurosen I feel your pain...and I live in an apartment building. fucking NS winter.
I liked a @YouTube video 
just saw the trailer for Pixels. I AM FROTHING AT THE MOUTH
Welcom to Nova Scotia errybody! 
I liked a @YouTube video from @thockeygamer 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@AngryJoeShow my ex doubted how I felt for her when she looked at a 4 year old conversation I had with an friend on FB I feel your pain.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@imjoshdean @BronyCon @CARD ...I...I want it.
my mother didn't know what an apple slicer looked like until today...in fact she didn't know they existed...I give up...
WHY WINTER?? YOU JUST GAVE USE 30+CM ON SUNDAY WHY DO WE NEED 20-30 MORE?? WE HAVE NOWHERE TO PUT IT!! #FuckYouWinter
Favorite Childhood Memory - Someone asked me this the other day and it took me a while to come up with the... 
do u prefer the butts saga or flex party —  
I reeeaaalllly don't want that video to ever see the light of day, because if it does, it means something really really BAD.
And I can only hope my trip to the clinic doesn't lead to the video I recorded last night being public.
I mean I had my reasons (FNAF2, Blood-C, streams, work change, etc.) but I still greatly appreciate all of your patience.
seriously you guys have waited almost a YEAR for a new countdown from me. the patience you have is tremendous!
People keep thanking me for being patient, and my only reply is: You should meet my subscribers. :)
@gurosen I feel your pain I have to pay almost 200 a night to go to @BronyCon
I liked a @YouTube video from @mediamaster_127 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@MHZero75 see there's the problem for me. I kind of don't have friends who play games.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@MHZero75 Nothing more than likely, and that's why people hate it. because people expect too much
I liked a @YouTube video from @thockeygamer 
in reality I'm tired, my head and wrist hurts, and I just want to stop.
(cont) you're favorite one is almost here, you're almost done your first countdown in almost a year.
just gotta keep kicking myself every night. just one more segment just one more segment. 7/10 done.
What's the longest you've gone without a haircut? — 1 years and 7 months. 
A really shitty month for me 
@gurosen I think having  a depenedable room mate should be a requirement even if you stay in Nova Scotia. or anywhere really.
some guys are not helping.… 
@QuartrGuy @joshscorcher @wiidude83 the hype is real!
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
why can't I have google chrome open without magix pro 2015 plus bugging up? #fixyourshitmagix
@QuartrGuy It's been almost 5 long years. come one Nintendo enough of the teasing!
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
Hotel is booked, now I wait till mid april to get my cash and book my flight and register for @BronyCon. Is it august yet??
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
@MHZero75 Do it anyway! =P
Ask me a question 
and thus the beard was severely shortened...for now 
I think the skin and face are asking me to lower the amount of beard. 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Waiting for any SMTxFE info be like 
@gurosen welcome to the NEW ICE AGE! 134843273rd this year!
20cm of snow and a cm of freezing rain/ice pellets just today! winter!...just...fuck off already! #fuckwinter
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@QuartrGuy You should see my number 7 segment. I'm expecting some nasty comments for that one.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@FawfulsMinion even I don't have that kind of tolerance 0.0
I liked a @YouTube video 
anyone else still awake? I can't seem to sleep right now
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
LISTEN THERE IS NOT ENOUGH TIME TO PLAY ALL THE GAMES AND IT STRESSES ME OUT OK?! 
wow I'm just oozing with weird words aren't I? first cocksmunker in a stream and now stupud. I'm brooliant!
also felt stupud and tried fnaf2 with a mouse pad....VERY VERY BAD IDEA!
and then there's this one which is just barely more than a minute and a half.
and worse yet I seem to be having some pacing problems. some segments are gonna hit 4 minutes max
and I'm not sure everyone will see my justification for certain entries being where they are.
Not sure how I feel about this entry. I mean I know I said what I wanted to say, but I'm not sure I got my point across right.
@QuartrGuy I'm still waiting on dark cloud 3 or an HD collection of the first two. It's criminal how hard to find they are.
That's just fucking brilliant! no extra unnescessary adjectives or verbs just simply "THE swordfight"
Just noticed the song that plays in the first princess bride sword fight is simply called "The sword fight"
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
@gurosen just a little further you can make it!
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@TheTrickster193 you seem to like that banado, something about bananas you're hiding from us?
@TheTrickster193 try zero mission first. it gives enough of a taste of both earlier and later metroid designs. it is short though
@gurosen by telling them you'd rather watch a cartoon than go to a middle-aged sex toy party. be blunt about it.
seriously jason vorhees on friday the 13th. this had to have been planned.
Announcing MKX Broketober DLC
new playable character michael myers for October 31st!
daaaammnnnn 
in other news I alos have to haul out my haupaugge and record some more footage *sigh*
okay my insides are on fire good, I'm glad I'll get to punch a doctor if they don't give me and answer on tuesday *sarcasm*
@gurosen have fun with that. 
PS: the vibrators make good massagers for the headaches you may/not recieve.
Watch this and see if you can spot what's wrong… 
@QuartrGuy I wish I had your editing speed XD
Makes me sad I'm an A+. spread this like wildfire people someone will step up 
@FawfulsMinion for me it's the over-the-top campiness and the ridiculous stunts. granted the campiness has gone too far recently
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch @joshscorcher we all have these feelings at times, I don't pray, but I send my best wishes.
that and I have to re record from my haupaugge because the damn files are somehow write protected? #fixyourshitmagix
I have an editing space right next to my audio booth and I have yet to make proper use of it.
I know I should be working on my countdown, but this flareup is just wiping me the fuck out.
@QuartrGuy aaaaahhh sheeeiiiittt
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch @ItionoBen @rabbidluigi I've played a number of them, I just need to finish a numbet of them.
What is the most heroic thing you’ve ever done? — My mother decided to be stupid one day and let my sister drive... 
What age are you scared of? — I'm scared of 21 I'm having enough problems at 20 I'm not sure I'll make it past t... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
oooh this is awsome! 
What is the most expensive thing you've ever bought? — trip to dominican for my ex (when we were still together)... 
Do you remember your first kiss? — yeah I was 5 years old, and I'd walk to school every morning with my friend (... 
Ask me a question 
@rabbidluigi it's 10:00 AM over here I think us maritimers will be fine.
I'm just continuously losing energy sleeping, eating, or doing nothing.
oh yeah that's the other thing, whenever I have a flare up even if I sleep I feel like I was awake all night.
Simply put: IDIOTS - Not you reading this no no no! I mean these people:  
Just so everyone knows: My Timezone is atlantic standard time. meaning right now it is 7:34 AM an hour ahead of eastern time.
Tifa or Lightning? (And don't say neither! XD) — well I've only reached about the midway point of final fantasy ... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I've been told I could die before I find an answer to what's wrong with me. a doctor said this to my and my parent's faces.
I've been shoved out the door of a hospital 3 TIMES!! told to go home and take tylenol because they can't help.
How is it that In this society, that is always scrutinized for the ability to get medical help, I am not recieving ANY HELP??!?!
I have no option but to wake up and go through my day and hope every fucking mili second that the pain won't start
I can't predict when it's going to happen or when it's going to go away. I have tried every diet I can to fix myself
I'm tired, I'm in pain, and I'm angry. I hate this, I hate every minute of living because I don't know what to do.
@TheTrickster193 It's EVERY DOCTOR....
I have more scars accumulated from needles in the past year than the 19 years I lived beforehand COMBINED!!!
why should I have to repeat these questions after 5 clinical visits and 2 blood tests?
every time I go to a hospital or clinic. it's absurd and ridiculous.
This should not take a year of waiting to get an answer for. I should not have to have 4 doctors ask me the same god damn question
So again, if they don't tell me WHAT is wrong. I'm going to scream at them, I will fly into an uncontrollable rage!
I've missed almost two weeks total of work already because when these flare ups happen I can do nothing but curl in a ball.
I've had 3 hospital visits from the pain, I've had an endoscopy, I've had a CT scan and yet I still don't know what's wrong!!
I've been in this hole of hell for almost a year! this has been going since APRIL 2014!!!
I've been told to go home and take tylenol after 3 HOSPITAL VISITS!!!
Well I'm up. I shouldn't be, but I am. If they don't tell me what's wrong at my next CT scan, I'm literally gonna scream!
I liked a @YouTube video 
Who would you like to collab with in the countdown co... — A close tie between QG and Josh. Josh for the sole re... 
firecannotkillabadwolf: Raise your hand if you feel like a failure. raises both hands 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@TheXbone @MHZero75 literally eh? gonna have to call bull on that one
I liked a @YouTube video from @blacknerd 
I liked a @YouTube video from @blacknerd 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
@MHZero75 already 15 minutes into it over here.
I liked a @YouTube video 
what's the one thing you shouldn't do when you have bowel pain? eat. what am I about to do? eat...I'll collapse if I don't.
@gurosen according to the dragonball manga: apparently not
if anyone could take my bowel pain that'd be great I'd like to sleep tonight
@gurosen watch serial experiments lain, should do the trick.
after not even 2 minutes I can do a continuous morph ball bomb jump in super metroid 90% of the time without fail #gamerpride
I liked a @YouTube video from @dookieshed 
I'd love to get more editing done tonight, but my goddamn wrist is still sore as all hell.
@TheTrickster193 @gurosen okay that one's just TOO obvious.
(clock=time, time to tip the scales)
@TheTrickster193 @gurosen XD HAHA yeah have I ever mentioned I'm terrible with references and jokes? XD
@TheTrickster193 @gurosen nah +7 is an ice cream day ^&lt;&gt;^
@MHZero75 it's too beautiful!
@gurosen +7 degrees tommorow :D
Quick,You now live your icon's life,HOW SCREWED ARE YOU? - thequarterguy: itionoben: francis-mediamaster:... 
@QuartrGuy @MHZero75 yUo WiLl JoIn Us SoOn AdAm
Hey uh @MHZero75 I'm noticing a distinct lack of visits to Freddy's.
so yeah my wrist=oOOOOOWWWWWOWOWOWOW!!
...I'm not editing tonight...fuck this pain.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@YachtClubGames Please stay you as you grow. first shovel knight, then making it's DLC free. Just too awsome!
I'm halfway done, but I should still be able to get it out by the weekend if I edit a segment a day.
so my plan to be near done my next countdown: Backfired.
I heavily underestimated the amount of work that needed to be done
@gurosen I think everyone gets like that, I wouldn't fret too much on it. Have a good day :)
@thegamechasers @AlphaOmegaSin Games that should be PLAYED, not stored on a shelf.
@gurosen it sucks ALL the time.
@KitsuneHawk Nintendo Please NERF
I liked a @YouTube video 
Damnit @QuartrGuy didn't notice until I started editing 
@Rogueshadow75 what can I say I'm indecisive. want to win, but don't want to play. hence why I exited out
I'm now heavily in the mood to watch Kill La Kill...but goddamn editing needs to be done
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
Ps I'm only halfway done the countdown...and it's a top ten...this might be a half hour one.
I love how when I think a countdown/video is going to be short, it ends up going past the 20 minute mark. the simple surprises.
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
@KitsuneHawk Mine is Super Punch-Out!! (09/14/1994)
I liked a @YouTube video 
I really need to stop underestimating my editing time. only got one segment done so far.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Countdown to Extra Life Session 2: 
AAAH I FORGOT IT'S SATURDAY. COME PLAY SMASH! 
NEED HELP! forgot today was the first Saturday of March! Livestreaming in about an hour. Gonna play Smash 4!
owwww the carpel tunnelllll! #editingpain
@QuartrGuy @MHZero75 @BoltOfShadow But Adam:DoN't YoU wAnT tO kNoW tHe JoY oF cReAtIoN??
so @MHZero75 have you started your first shift with freddy yet?
@MHZero75 @BoltOfShadow I have the most evil smile right now :)
fuck it I need magix 2015 pro plus, I forgot how much of a pain in the ass 2014 pro was with audio editing...I'll use both
according to the lightsaber color test I would use silver...wish I hadn't done something now.
still have no clue what to do after top ten blade battles, the poll is at a dead tie, and I've got no collabs to speak of. decisions...
that said if all goes well It should be out by next week. and after that: 
so two for saturday, two for sunday and hoping to finish one tonight. that leaves me with two segments to finish next week.
in other news I'm dedicating this whole weekend to Top Ten Blade Battles. I should be able to finish two segments a day.
that's...actually pretty clever. I mean it's a little out there as most of these ads are, but clever. 
@MHZero75 Exactly! It's like the whole Jian Ghomeshi incident on murderous steroids.
short answer: IT DOESN'T. this crowd is full of nothing but murderers as bad if not worse than he is.
pelted him with stones and hanged him. tell me something: How does this help the person he raped?

@MHZero75 Then I have nothing to fear or complain about *walks away with a smile*
@MHZero75 As long as they don't remove Samus I can live...but my hope for Ridley shall forever remain.
@MHZero75 goddamnit you made me curious and now my brain hurts.
What can spoil your day? — well Magix crashing 6 times fatally and losing all my segment work 6 times, and my bo... 
If you had more money than you ever need, would you g... — more than likely, I mean budgeting for how much I nee... 
Did you ever fall asleep in school? — only once. The day I got back from a trip to Cuba I didn't get ANY sleep o... 
and for 2, I haven't played a video game since tuesday...I just don't even know anymore.
this week is odd. for 1 it's the first week since my ex and roommate moved out so I've got an empty apartment.
you know your program sucks when someone (me) is excited to downgrade it. I'll say it again, Fix your shit Magix
I liked a @YouTube video from @didyouknowgamin 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
thank you Wikipedia, confirming I know my facts when I question it in editing. sigh of relief.
OH MY FU-MAGIX HAS CRASHED 5 TIMES TODAY FFS!!!!
@gurosen only in Halifax XD
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
was almost done and Magix crashed fatally AGAIN, now I'm back to being 1/3 done FAN-FUCKING-TASTIC
You know Magix It's hard to finish a video when YOU KEEP FUCKING CRASHING AND I CAN'T RECOVER LOST WORK!!!
I liked a @YouTube video from @itionoben 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@MHZero75 that sounds like a pile of nope.
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
got alot of footage to sift through for the surprise tommorow, you likely won't see it till tommorow night...But it was a lot of fun!
I liked a @YouTube video 
It's on its way!! 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video from @natewantstobtl 
I liked a @YouTube video from @natewantstobtl 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
Who is someone you wish you had never met? — one of my now former room mates. 
Photoset: thequarterguy: aolady: cyanide-burns: chiherah: skylorde: jedibusiness: WHAT YOU CANT JUST PULL... 
@gurosen I feel you're pain.
@MHZero75 please tell me you're joking...
...goddamnit you devious bastard 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@gurosen me when I'm drunk.
@MHZero75 the perfect paradox!
If you were going to do karaoke tonight, what song wo... — hmm. a tie between Tentai Kansoku by Bump of Chicken ... 
What address will you remember forever? — 10 holmcrest court, Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
Living at that house dr... 
Are you a good liar? — HAHAHAHAHAHA no. 
How can you tell that someone is lying? — several ways: 
1: when I already know what they're telling me is bulls... 
expect two videos from me in the next two days. one is regarding me and the channel, the other is a secret.
@gurosen these are the same people who make us use moodle I wouldn't put it past them.
Yup 
@gurosen I sense a crampy week ahead. Well that time of day to smack myself again.
What famous people were born in your city? — 
What would you like to change? — If I could change anything without consequence or rebellion?? easy answer: I'd ... 
What do you love the smell of? — I'm going to sound like such a stereotypical Dude by saying this but: Gasoline.... 
Do you remember your dreams? — some of them yes, but more often than not I forget them unless what happens in th... 
Have you ever fired a real gun? — yes I have. I'm a pretty good shot to boot. First time firing a 12 gauge rifle... 
What doesn’t the World know about the country you liv... — did you know: It's illegal to drag a dead horse on yo... 
Which countries have you visited? — Cuba and the Dominican Republic. Adding the United States to that small list... 
What does it mean when a girl smiles at a boy? — she's smiling?? what's the difference between a boy smiling at ... 
If you had lots of money what would you do with it? — SAVE IT!! 
Are you still friends with someone from kindergarten? — I haven't met or spoken with any of my friends from kind... 
Which song best represents your life so far? — 
What is the most dangerous thing you have ever done? — Haven't done all that much dangerous stuff thinking on it... 
Do you worry about your future? — you mean that frame of time I have no control over anyway and therefore fretti... 
Who is your senpai — I have many sempais. I'm not exactly old, I was born in september and therefore started and... 
Would you like to be famous and for what reason? — I'll pass. I mean I know it's a possibility of some degree co... 
Why don't animals laugh, smile or cry? — they do because 
1: humans are animals
2: if you've ever owned a pet yo... 
I liked a @YouTube video 

@joshscorcher @AlexTheAutarch yeah that's a beautiful and eargasm inducing thing I have stuck on repeat!
to anyone wondering if I'll be playing FNAF3 demo or otherwise: NO! #FNAF3 #OhHellNo

If you believe performance quality matters in Video Games, please #Rt 

#iAmOnBoard2015
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy *snap* corner. now.
room mates are moved out, I'm dying from pain. Let's clean!!
I liked a @YouTube video from @cristinavee 
that's when you know you have problems. when you begin spending time on your YouTube uniform instead of editing.
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video from @didyouknowgamin 
I liked a @YouTube video from @falconshield 
just a reminder the second countdown to extra life is next saturday! #FTK #ExtraLife2015
@MHZero75 *cries in corner*
@MHZero75 and thus we feel our wallets burn a little more.
@MHZero75 yeah that's a thing coming VERY shortly our dollar is apparantly too low so theu need to raise the cost.
@MHZero75 Until you find out new games cost 74.99 before taxes now
@MHZero75 just don't look up anything about dresses
When you see a fine ass woman.. - hahalolshit: dippednv8splash: dippednv8splash: yoshibruh: When she says... 
a new game now costs $75 before taxes in canada. $86.24 after taxes Fuck you life. #highergameprice #FML
truly a shame, you will be missed by all you blessed Leonard Nimoy #RIPSpock
I'd be upset about not being 21 come @BronyCon time, but drinking could pitentially kill me so I think I'll live. pun not intended.
@AlphaOmegaSin *Heavy Breathing*
Net neutrality is here to stay everybody! 
Photoset: thetinkertoyboy: disneyscouples: DISNEY LOVE I love that at first she thinks it’s... 
sleepysuperwho: eliza-lou-riley: "A man can’t be raped or abused by a woman-" "Men are physically stronger... 
Photo: cannabisconnoisseur: transexistentialism: skylorde: originallrose: Here is a list of companies that... 
Reblog if you utterly and without hesitation support gay rights. 
@gurosen Aquarion and Aquarion EVOL I should also mention.
@gurosen shakugan no shana, kill la kill, and higurashi no naku koro ni were reccomended to me a year or so ago, loved them all.
@gurosen I've only watched it four times already, I'm up for another go XD
Soldier Refuses To Tip Server Because He Thinks His Service Should Be Enough (IMAGE) - joshscorcher:... 
thequarterguy: joshscorcher: I sincerely thank you, Google Docs. When writing a 3 page opinion essay on how... 
@QuartrGuy @joshscorcher double rainboom, dusk's dawn, boast busters, spike at your service, ooh the possibilities.
I liked a @YouTube video 
@MHZero75 so it would seem.
vote for the next list after top ten blade battles here 
@QuartrGuy @ravenkingsage @doggylover10124 @ItionoBen @joshscorcher @wiidude83 yeeeaaah that's a thing.
@QuartrGuy @ravenkingsage @doggylover10124 @ItionoBen @joshscorcher @wiidude83 was my ex/roommate's and she's moving out.
@ravenkingsage @doggylover10124 @QuartrGuy @ItionoBen @joshscorcher @wiidude83 meanwhile I'm on the hunt for a new wiiU and some popcorn
@joshscorcher @QuartrGuy @ravenkingsage @wiidude83 Oh this should be good XD
elliasuicide: srkdall: 5265ad: I’m grown but I’m not grown grown Which means I know how to ride a dick but... 
What's the longest you've gone without sleep? — 37&amp; 1/2 hours 
If you could instantly speak any language in the worl... — a tie between french and japanese. french because it'... 
If you could learn a new skill today, what would it be? — how to play guitar 
What is the worst gift you have ever received? — A bible...I had been aetheist for two years and my aunt bought ... 
@gurosen The benefits of being able to work from home. Hoping for only 5-10 CM
that moment when you realise you fucked up something in editing and you can't fix it because your at work #countdownerproblems
finally finished exporting one segment for top ten blade battles. editing ended up taking 5 hours...seriously what am I doing wrong??
I liked a @YouTube video 
everything else 
HD cabinet 
ye olde nintendo cabinet 
I must be doing something wrong. took 3 hours to edit one segment.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
"Internet friendship is not real" - theleafcuter: puckish-thoughts: Reblog if this is a lie and you have... 
It's not metroid but it'll certainly do 
@Number9Robotic well I don't quite know all the details but I'd say just stay calm
Anyone else have that gnawing feeling you get when you haven't watched #DoctorWho in a few days?
@MHZero75 not really only four composite ports on that switch box. but the other 3 are nintendo so having the dreamcast there feels wrong.
also the guy at my local gamestore pretty much handed me sonic adventure for free because the disc was damaged #freegames
I feel like I should have my gamecube here rather than my dreamcast. thoughts? 
it's days like today I feel like a nice person :)
@MHZero75 *internal screaming*
How did you come up with your username? — I was in college pondering on it and I knew I wanted it to be fire ori... 
Why I'm excited to go to BronyCon  
I liked a @YouTube video 
Well I did my math and budgeting, and it's confirmed: My trip to @BronyCon will be funded by the end of April #HypeAsFuck
Another reminder of today: I also have a patreon account, feel free to take a peek 
While Top Ten Blade battles is still in the works, feel free to vote on the countdown to follow it 
Photoset: tastefullyoffensive: Cats Using Dogs as Pillows (images via bored panda) Previously: Puppies That... 
@KitsuneHawk how long do you think you'll get a commision from @RealFaction to be?
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
Photo: meanwhile in Nova Scotia, Canada 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Photo: thequarterguy: doggielover10124: hey-there-internet: clarinetfool: animatedcosplayer:... 
espressoprep: date someone who will tap your butt playfully and do the dishes with you after dinner. date... 
@MHZero75 @FawfulsMinion and scrape ice of your car everyday
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
This man is awsome! 
Photo: firecannotkillabadwolf: a-spoon-is-born: gazztron: realgirlsgaming: dragondicks: tarajenkins:... 
RHYNO'S BACK?!? #GOREGOREGORE
This guy at nintendo is a fucking idiot 
A reminder. vote for what you want to see after top ten blade battles here 
Just heard the news! #Alien5
169 days until @BronyCon  I'm hype as fuck! I've Never even been to the states let alone an MLP convention.
Me: I really wish they weren’t rebooting spiderman again co worker: why they can get a better actor now!... 
can we make scalping illegal to even post? because this shit pisses me the fuck off 
Loved the new Fanfic by @joshscorcher and co. it was awsome reading all the Celestia arguments ripped to shreds.
what list do you want to see after top ten blade battles? Voting will be closed after it is released. 
When you take editing too seriously 
I liked a @YouTube video from @superflipper76 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Who is your senpai — I had a senpai. she cheated on me and is now running away. 
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Reblog if you will answer LITERALLY ANY anon questions. 
I liked a @YouTube video from @kitsunehawk 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I could use a lot of hugs right now. Life is at an absolute low .
Photo: me right now 
I liked a @YouTube video from @didyouknowgamin 
anyone asking me about Valentine's day will be shot. I say it every year #worstdayoftheyear
@joshscorcher for me it's happy valentine's day.
@MHZero75 Bit of both really
I don't know about you, but I wouldn't want Call of Duty: Ghosts as a Valentine's Day gift.
Just saying.
I'm not one for poop humour but uuh 
@joshscorcher spring...actually
I find it odd how so many people complain how relentless hell is in SMB, but no one complains about the rapture #handcramps #hardasballs
*sigh* looks like yet another poor adaptation. 
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch hehehe yeah its ehehe so much ahahaha fun. ahahaha ha *faints*
I liked a @YouTube video from @itionoben 
can someone fill me in on WTF is happening to the countdown community? it seems like everyone's attacking each other what gives?? #confused
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy @FawfulsMinion I could certainly use it as well.
Sundays are the best - firecannotkillabadwolf: First of all, mind blowing sex Cooked pancakes and omelettes... 
I take constructive feedback seriously.
EVERY video maker needs to do that. NO EXCEP…
One of the many reasons why QG's so awesome.
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
well that stream went horribly #ohwell
Countdown to Extra Life Session 1: 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Countdown to Extra Life Session 1 at 4:30 PM AST! 
Hey @MHZero75 be sure to check your skype if you haven't already.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
gravity feels like it's tripled. nyquil why have you failed me? #sickday
Anonymous said: The Uncharted games are a lot of fun (specially with a protagonist like Nathan) what are... 
The irony right now is just painful XD 
wassat? the plan? well first I'm gonna get mcdick's than get nyquil, then watch some mario kart 8 #sickday
trying zelda TV show again eh? better not fuck it up again #excuuusemeprincess
Fucking lord, this flu just made gravity double on my head.
I liked a @YouTube video from @amaamaleelee 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Photo: HNNNNNNNNNG 
So I watched the first episode of season 9 of doctor who...fuck I think I'm hooked.
FUCK YOU CHIKA FUCK YOU FNAF2 FUCK IT AAAAAALLLLL! 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
@MHZero75 I am sadly one of those "Morbidly curious" people *cough* played ride to hell *cough* so I MIGHT watch it.
Sorry folks no editing in getting done tonight. I'll be taking a try at doctor who tonight? #curiousabout #DoctorWho
Throwing this out there: I prefer sacred stones over awakening. do with that what you will.
@OnThisDayGaming @MHZero75 unless you went to EB Games and got it 4 days before release date #bestday
Yet another reason to respect Macklemore. 
Photoset: In 900 years of time and space, I’ve never met anyone who wasn’t important before.  This gives me... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
2 hours later. battlefield hardline beta is STILL INSTALLING...IN GAME!!! WTF EA?!?
the signs as video games - thequarterguy: rdragonreviews: ink-rose-the-hylian: waluiqi: Aries - tetris... 
You shouldn't have to rely on such phrases/acronyms to get a point across or to show your opinion. you should actually EXPLAIN IT
and the people using it are using it as a cover up for either an insult or an arguement with no grounds rather than "just their opinion"
Am I the only one sick of the acronym "IMO"? because I'm noticing it get thrown around a hell of a lot lately.
Quick question: which hotel is best to stay at for @BronyCon ?
(correction) Haligonian, not halgonian. My damn fingers slip off this keyboard like there's butter lathered on it.
I love Halifax and all, but I grew up traveling and moving houses ALOT. And if the next trip out is to @BronyCon Count me in. :)
Reasons why? well for 1: I've never been to the states before
2: I've never been to an MLP convention/event
3: I'm a Halgonian
I'm severely excited to go to @BronyCon this year!
The clock is ticking for net neutrality—join the #InternetCountdown and help win this fight! 
for those wondering where the FNAF 2 Night 5 video is: Magix is being a dick which means...I gotta play it again #FuckMyLife #FNAF2
My trip to Bronycon is almost halfway Funded!! - HYPEHYPEHYEPHYPE UBERHYPEUBERHYPE I’M GOING FUCKING CRAZY... 
Reblog if you have made a friend online that you would love to hang with, but they live far away. -... 
Reblog if you have made a friend online that you would love to hang with, but they live far away. -... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 

It's a good thing I'm only now I'm starting to catch a cold, at least now it won't impact my recordings or anything like that.
for those who haven't heard
new ending theme: 
new transition theme: 
LOVE @RealFaction work
music's in, titlecard's in. everything's recorded. Top ten blade battles is very much looking to be a damn good start to 2015 #GetHyped
Why "DeflateGate" is a stupid arguement  
fucking wow seahawks. thats fuckong ridiculous #SuperBowlXLIX
TOUCHDOOOOWN FOR THE PATS!!! 28-24 WOOOOT!!! #SuperBowlXLIX
thekingofanarchy said: Who is your favorite youtuber favorite person you've collabed with and the person... 
WTF TV went ouy no...cheverlot that was fucking brilliant! XD #SuperBowlXLIX
Come on Pats! you can pull an ace this year! #SuperBowlXLIX
21-24 for seahawks.the next touchdown will decide the winner. #SuperBowlXLIX
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@QuartrGuy close. but it should be: friend gets the dark contract
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
Oh FFS The FNAF 2 night 5 video rendered with the audio out of sync. fixing again.
rendering the night 5 video. it's over 45 minutes long. and the results...&amp;^$#$#%$%#%(*#(%%UCK!!!
I liked a @YouTube video from @itionoben 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
STUPID FUCKING ANIMATRONICS!!!!
now that i've gained my composure back. time to hop into night 5 attempt 2.
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
@MHZero75 once the price drops just a bit more online I'll be getting a physical copy regardless #metroidccollection
Anonymous said: Who do you think is more worse Quint or Flame Hyneard 
Also don't forget I will be attempting night 5 today. expect a video around 8-11pm EST #GETHYPEFORFREDDY
I'm gonna throw a best guess and say FNAF3 will come out between February 16th and march 2nd. just a random thought.
@MHZero75 Suddenly I'm about to flip my lid into a rant. that just hurt at points.
@MHZero75 WTF, that last segment could've been not even half as long had he'd stayed on topic, much like the rest of his video.
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
@MHZero75 CAN I JOIN YOU ON THIS RANT?!? HOLY FOTHER OF MUCK!!!
@MHZero75 I'll get it simply so I can play prime with the motion controls, but soon enough I'll be searching for a physical copy.
tommorow: Night 5
saturday: Night 6(if I beat night 5)
sunday: 10/20 mode(if I beat night 6)
...it's gonna be a long weekend.

@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy there's too much wrong with that. Just. way too much.
My 47 minute long top 15 lonegest segment: less than 6 minutes, 9 should be your absolute Maximum in a worst case scenario.
@MHZero75 as will I good sir. as will I
@MHZero75  josh and alex's top ten saddest moments may have been an hour long, but each entry at least wasn't thirteen minutes!
@MHZero75 I can see why he would get mad about it, but 13 minutes is fucking ridiculous.
Which is worse, being too hot or too cold? — Too cold. Being hot doesn't bother me I love the heat. 
@MHZero75 got it.
@MHZero75 yeaaaaah...nooooo. blame my younger days it's um.."fullautoexpert" *hides in corner*
@MHZero75 not seeing anything
@MHZero75 I'm waiting for inside pain to pass I'll still be here :)
I liked a @YouTube video 
@MHZero75 yeah np
@MHZero75 turns out I do in fact have an ISO for dissidia 012.
This works absurdly well. Top ten blade battle in recording #GETHYPE 
Photoset: thequarterguy: firecannotkillabadwolf: The Lorax, 1971 (original images not mine) ALWAYS reblog... 
well now that my hands are done shaking. thanks to anyone who listened #BellLetsTalk
it took them 9 MONTHS to decide whether or not it was WORTH doing an endoscopy. #BellLetsTalk
I am physically in pain every day and have been removed from a hospital 3 times #BellLetsTalk
Because I know they'll put me on something and it'll only make it worse, especially when I'm already sick #BellLetsTalk
Point being of it all, despite what people tell me. I don't have the option to go to anyone, I'm TERRIFIED of it #BellLetsTalk
I hate living a lot of the time because I'm afraid of making someone cry instead of laugh. #BellLetsTalk
I'm a comedian at hard, I LIVE to make other people laugh and be happy, and to have people be sad for me. it hurts #BellLetsTalk
I don't think highly of myself, But I try my hardest to make people not feel sorry for me or feel bad for me #BellLetsTalk
and even when I eventually get past it, and somehow get back to myself. I'm still hurting #BellLetsTalk
I've had times where I've blacked out and came to standing up with a knife to my wrist #BellLetsTalk
once that last sentence hits I'm in black water...I'm considering Suicide #BellLetsTalk
things like "you'll never have anyone" "you can't do anything right" "you're a waste" "your pathetic" "just die" #BellLetsTalk
and when I have no strength left and I just give up, it kicks me down further by telling me how worthless I am. #BellLetsTalk
It's like I want to cry and let out the pain and get back to my wacky self, but I can't, I'm just stuck in this useless shell #BellLetsTalk
It's had it last for months at a time, and it's second worst feeling I can describe in my life #BellLetsTalk
and it slowly falls further and further to a gray zone where I'm completely emotionless and I will literally never smile #BellLetsTalk
Depression to me is like a constant "what if" like "what if they just SAY they care when they don't?" #BellLetsTalk
and when those thoughts come up my depression kicks in and I start to question my worth as a person #BellLetsTalk
My biggest fear is the next slip up could land me in a jacket pumped full of meds that'll destroy my body #BellLetsTalk
because if I slip up; and I have; it's gonna backfire on me very VERY HARSHLY. #BellLetsTalk
In short I'm always constantly watching myself for every goddamn sylable that escapes my mouth #BellLetsTalk
but as soon as someone I don't know is near me I shut down. #BellLetsTalk
I can't stand that despite how my insanity actually helps my humor and can actually help me ignore the bad thoughts #BellLetsTalk
once that crowd gets within my elbow space I start panicing. Like. life in danger panicing #BellLetsTalk
not helping is how easily I either shut down or back away from social area. It's gotten to a point I have run out of a mall #BellLetsTalk
and what doesn't help is I can't talk to anyone about it because the shit my brain thinks would land me in a straightjacket #BellLetsTalk
I know I'm not exactly sane, I have very disgutsing and sick thoughts go through my brain inexplicably and I hate it. #BellLetsTalk
you know what let's talk about that. Meds. I'm terrified of 'em #BellLetsTalk
pretty sure I have anxiety, but I don't feel like paying well over a hundred bucks to be certain and be put on meds #BellLetsTalk
Not sure what I can talk about I've only ever been semi diagnosed with any form of mental illness; That being depression #BellLetsTalk
so people want to talk? alright let's talk. #BellLetsTalk
@MHZero75 I think I've got a copy of the ISO if you want it.
What freaks you out? — HEIGHTS!!!!!! Plus I'm an extreme Ambivert so there are days I'm fine being around a lot ... 
Scripting for Top Ten Blade Battles is complete, recording tonight! #GETHYPE
Anonymous said: Have you ever considered on growing a beard? Just curious! 
@MHZero75 why doesn't dissidia 012 get any love these days?
I liked a @YouTube video 
@QuartrGuy @joshscorcher I had to spend $45 on a show I hate before my haupaugge would work
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
just now realising people are likely going to make me play FNAF3 when it comes out. #fuckmylife
I liked a @YouTube video 
I own the god of war saga metal gear legacy collection and devil may cry collection. I haven't beat a single game in any #GamingConfessions
I'm one of few people who knows or talks about dark cloud. except maybe @ProJared i see those games on your shelf. #GamingConfessions
I have beaten dark cloud several times, I'm only on the third dungeon in dark cloud 2 #GamingConfessions
I'm one of few people who thinks permadeath should be mandatory #GamingConfessions
I own two copies of Majora's mask and have only gotten past the first skull kid encounter #GamingConfessions
I have replayed Metroid fusion over 80 times. but only beat super metroid once #GamingConfessions
Five Nights at Freddy's 2 is the most happy I've felt at completing a 6 minute level #GamingConfessions
most of my childhood was licensed games #GamingConfessions
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
#ThatMomentWhen someone tries to introduce you to someone you already know.
#ThatMomentWhen someone ACTUALLY gives you CONSTRUCTIVE criticism on one of your videos.

@QuartrGuy *raises hand* been playing on GBA emulator for years.
I liked a @YouTube video from @mr12603 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
I liked a @YouTube video from @tbogmorris1113 
octavia-booker said: Did you ever play Five Nights at Freddy's? 
Photo: thequarterguy: xain-russell: thequarterguy: keyrunbenji: ey-jauney-boy: bluedragonkaiser:... 
One Colonoscopy later: more Five Nights At Freddy's 2 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
What's that? The Flamicon is contineing FNAF2? wait...tommorow? woot!!
*as I sulk in the corner* #FNAF2 #moping
@MHZero75 try living with people who do both XD
Haven't watched @WWE since 2012 but I've been keeping my eye on it to be safe. what do you all think? should I start watching again?
looking through old photos and all I can think of is: I'm really fucking glad I'm not him anymore #grewup
I liked a @YouTube video 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
Go check out @RealFaction everyone! guy makes amazing music including my new ending theme "Happy Ending" 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
no scripting getting done tonight. gotta fix a friend's laptop and it's gonna take all night. #sadface
Experienced a Colonoscopy yesterday. 
@MHZero75 it's a bit of both for me. like most things, take it with a grain of salt.
@MHZero75 *tries again* yeah it works, but it's so awkward to use while in the middle of a fight.
got MH4U code. downloaded, noticed camera is controlled by dpad if you don't have circle pad pro or NN3DS...nope not gonna bother #instaquit
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
#mylifesuck 
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy @FawfulsMinion no there most certainly is not
@QuartrGuy @FawfulsMinion I've been in Canada my whole life. it's cold wherever you are 4-7 months a year
I liked a @YouTube video from @doggylover10124 
I liked a @YouTube video from @ninjato16 
the-powerful-burst said: What are your thoughts on Hotline Miami 2 being banned? 
DO NOT WATCH UNFRIENDED 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Fuck Blood C! I give up! 
I liked a @YouTube video from @glassreflection 
angry video incoming!
@QuartrGuy sadly it's looking that way. I think I'm just laughing at how stupid it all is then anything
Why am I having fun with sonic 06?? why??? I honestly have no idea...I think I need help 0.0
the new strider wasa fun game,but the grande ascent at the end can FUCK RIGHT OFF!!
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@MHZero75 according to the list each nominated film was released in 2014. did I miss something?
@MHZero75 1: new scotland in gaelic is nova scotia. 2: I don't know I check 7 gamestores a week and nothing
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy been trying to do that for the last year and a half. no luck in the land of new scotland unfortunately
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy  touche maverick. toouchee
@QuartrGuy at least it won't blow a hole in my wallet to get it.
well that was quick #WTF 
one question I still have: WHY THE FUCK aren't we getting the smaller version of the NEW 3DS? the XL costs as much as a used WiiU!!!
Update on The Blood C review 
dat 3ds #nintendodirect
alright xenoblade without busting my wallet ready in april. woot
new 3ds with face tracking 3d on febrary 13th, cant wait to upgrade #nintendodirect
METROID PRIME TRILOGY TO WIIU FUCK YES!!!
Question for everyone: how often do your ps2 controllers break? Mine seem to stop working inexplicably no matter what I do.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@joshscorcher @YouTube well...that was unexpected.
@alihadi68 boeing is the manufacturer, it's up to the airline to monitor their aircraft on site. and to my knowledge, there's no such ship
My current Video game backlog 
(cont) I'm just hoping it doesn't hurt the validity of the review in any way. I had so much to cover, and references would've made too long.
(cont) though this review will be the least referencial thing I've ever done. I aside from music and effects. I don't reference anything.
in other Flamicon news: Blood C episodes 7-9 review is 70% complete. effects, text, music, and one episode skeleton remain
@alihadi68 MH370 didn't show up on radar when it crashed, which makes it difficult to track.
Sweet fuck, The amount of frame-by-frame censoring I have to do for this one fucking scene of Blood C takes more effort than lightsabers
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy I don't think I've gotten angrier than I have in top 15 annoying bosses, and safe to say analytics speak for themselves
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
best phone call of the day: getting a colonoscopy done on January 21st. #boutfuckingtime
@MHZero75 *sigh* the small things that one misses. #bummer
People can really piss me off sometimes 
I won't get my hopes up because this is just a rumor...but if true... the metroid drought will be nearing it's end 
thequarterguy: markiplier-reaction-posts: Hearing a crappy pun: MAKING A CRAPPY PUN: I can relate to this. 
so far I've got est:1/3 of the money I need to go to @BronyCon this year. Can't...Fucking...Wait!
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch You didn't all know this already? Sakamoto threatened to take team ninja completely off the project once.
@KitsuneHawk @AlexTheAutarch I'd join you for it.
me today 
Photo: thequarterguy: rdragonreviews: doggielover10124: possessedscholar: alphasapphirebrendan:... 
ask away 
Well it's official, I have cried from a comment on my video. 
The oldies have returned, will The Flamicon survive? 
@AlexTheAutarch try five nights at freddy's 2, it's difficult but it's admittedly fun.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mjsyoutube 
in full editing mode today. Going for 100% skeleton completion today. Blood C will be finished! #gethype
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
@ERBofHistory MOTHA FUCKIN MONEY!
@ERBofHistory but there's no reason to use it unless your talkin' about the kubrick then there's really nothing to it.
Photoset: thequarterguy: year-0f-the-kyle: It never has. This is a concept most of tumblr can’t wrap their... 
Photoset: keyrunbenji: human: combobulating: what wht the fuck I think so I just don’t know anymore 
Anonymous said: So apparently a good portion of tumblr users are in a panic because 4chan is supposedly... 
Photo: johnisdollywood: I’m gonna throw my computer in the trash. 
Photo: dollyfarton: riesen-love: exanimatio: croowley: That man you see there, he is a 92 year old veteran... 
out of anything I played last year. NOTHING can be worse than RTH:RETRIBUTION. if only I beat it in 2014, so I still need to play it in 2015
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
well good thing i noticed the nudity in episode 8 of blood c now so i don't go wtf during the editing...now what to censor it with?
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch I don't know about any of you but i'm gonna actually MAKE more videos!
Weekend work 
Anonymous said: Hold on. Just the Limit Form for Sora? What about having many powerful Keyblades (Like the... 
@AmaAmaLeeLee I believe you 100% a ten minute video took 5 hours last week for me.
@MHZero75 all the while i sit in a chair not sure as whether to be envious or happy that I don't get asked questions at all.
My Plan for 2015! 
Video: thequarterguy: kief-desh: AND THIS IS WHY EVERYONE HATED MARIO KART WII Oh God, that has got to... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@AngryJoeShow was right. Alien Isolation is so much better with a headset!
Photoset: queenjourneyquill: kennyackermans: Shingeki no Kyojin + LOTR quotes. Inspiration (x)  IF YOU SAY... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @joshscorcher 
I'm also now noticing Blood C was recorded at 60 FPS by complete accident. good thing I upgraded my editing software
it's only at the latest hours of the night do you notice all the different noises you're neighbors make. #ApartmentProblems
Apparently Foxy is taking over Freddy's Fazbear's pizza? 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
2nd part to five nights is now rendering! #gethype
Thank all 1012 of you! Never thought I'd actually reach 1000 subscribers. but it happened...now I need to think of a video for it.
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Photo: This is true beauty and elegance. 
Photo: joshscorcher: So, an Anon recently alerted me that someone’s been impersonating me and saying... 
saw this on facebook this morning. Massive RESPECT for this 
Time to play with Freddy! 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
@MHZero75 Goddamnit now I lost a bet and I have to play it &gt;&lt;....but thanks a bunch all the same :)
@MHZero75 hey @Capcom_Unity  this needs to be a thing now.
@MHZero75 @QuartrGuy @joshscorcher it involves a blue guy with a shovel
finally having my money under control and having extra in my savings, feels so nice. ^&lt;&gt;^
Photoset: eatyoursoul: onefitmodel: crofethr: denali-winter: BAM. I have never hit reblog so fast in my... 
yet before those two I had all of 56. WOW. My mind is a little blown realising this. just woah
I'm just now realising this, but I made all of two countdowns this year and yet I've got nearly 1000 subscribers...#IDontKnowWhatToSay
@rabbidluigi at least you've made more than 2.
@UPSHelp turns out it was a package from magix
just got a package from @UPS and I didn't order anything from @amazon or @eBay 0.0
thequarterguy: joshscorcher: Now that I’m out of the Marine Corps and am completely set up, I now have time... 
Photo: joshscorcher: hexedlizard: joshscorcher: Am I the only one who thinks this is a terrible idea?... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
#2014In5Words melancholic to happy to depressed
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
I liked a @YouTube video from @realfaction 
burger king if you want my money FIX THIS SHIT! #savetimbits
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
thequarterguy: level26raichu: rnashpotato: support fat girls with weird curves support fat girls with no... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @jack_septic_eye 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I want one thing for Christmas: for whatever disease I have to go the fuck away! #severepain
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I'm just gonna leave this here 
@joshscorcher never thought i'd say congrats to leaving the military to two people in a single week, but Congratulations!
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @gonzoyayo 
I liked a @YouTube video from @epicmealtime 
@MHZero75 said everyone.
I liked a @YouTube video 
because my hauppauge just doesn't want to work I decided to take the @GlassReflection route and just bought the damn Blu-Ray for Blood-C
I liked a @YouTube video from @natewantstobtl 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Want a pokemon egg? - yumipuffyloki: Every person who reblogs this will have a Pokémon egg in their... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
anita sarkeesian? could care less. hired to help develop mirror's edge 2? nope and signed 
I liked a @YouTube video 
People suck at keeping promises - So if you follow me on twitter, you’d know that I’ve had a lot of things... 
Final bosses should be epic and satisfying, not be tutorials. looking at you Infamous: second son and Okami.
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
Someone called me lame 
I liked a @YouTube video 
i dont want to hear more of zelda reggie I want Metroid goddamnit!
if GTAV gets even nominated for game of the year...
@QuartrGuy best part of #TheVideoGameAwards so far: shovel knight gets indie game of the year award
I liked a @YouTube video from @markiplier 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video 
@Linkara19 @GlassReflection People complaining "ruin" conventions. Cosplayers "ENHANCE" a convention!
Swear on my life I will have the next Blood C review written &amp; filmed by sunday! and then i got to fix my laptop #fuckwindows8point1
Anonymous said: Wow Josh, another Canadian insult. Why do you hate Canada? 
Video: joshscorcher: Anchors aweigh and full speed ahead! at times like these i ask “why must I be at work... 
Anonymous said: Which is dumber, slapping a drill instructor in the face, declaring war on Canada, or... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
sometimes I think my beard is under the impression that it is the moustache of Salvador Dalí
(cont) it feels like with persona Q I have to plan my moves 4th dimensionally, like I already know who's move is next and when.
(cont) but I do miss being able to see who attacks next, and be able to plan accordingly rather then selecting everyone's commands at once.
My god once you absorb how persona Q works, it is so marvellous to play.
Photo: thequarterguy: theliterarywolf: kiwi-kamikaze: I wouldn’t mind real ones though… So, yeah, this is... 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
Video: 25 Invisible Benefits of Gaming While Male 
excuse me while I share this to EVERYONE 
@Rogueshadow75 I just reblogged from josh, but like I said, it's cheap difficulty.
Anonymous said: So, question, are you a fan of the dark souls/ demon souls series? 
Photo: hueyfreemanonlyspeaksthetruth: … you do what you can. such truth 
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
Photo: thequeenofthecastlebeckett: redvioletz-tricksterred: creeper-cutie: psychopomp-sentinel:... 
Photo: captain-chris-pike: harrehaf: EVERYONE PLEASE READ THIS why does this post, that shows the OPPOSITE... 
My Patreon is Live! - xain-russell: CIRCULATE THE LINKS! PLEASE REBLOG! 
Guy wants nintendo on mobile, complains about pokemon selling well...wut? 
thequarterguy: bananabreadward: I CAUGHT A RALTS AND NAMED IT KAIBA  I JUST HAVE TO USE HIM AS A MEGA... 
Take your time when first playing persona Q! … 
I liked a @YouTube video from @rabbidluigi 
I liked a @YouTube video 
Why I love my hobby 
loadout coming to ps4. fucking awsome!
bitter when i shouldn't be-DO NOT READ if you can't take opinions with a grain of salt

@rabbidluigi I have discovered hobnobs, and they are FUCKING DELICIOUS!
@AmaAmaLeeLee they need to bring those puppies to people in #Ferguson they could really use some stress relief no matter how temporary.
I'm just now realising I have alot to say about shit that happens. hmm
wendladarlings said: Did you really just compare people protesting the murder of a black boy to the actual... 
To the people of ferguson  … 
alright, screening for ebola vaccine at 1. @Somecallmejon smash retrospective at around 6.#WeirdDay
Photoset: thequarterguy: specialagentofthelamb: This woman deserves a round of applause and a throne of... 
@QuartrGuy @AlexTheAutarch honestly i find the reverse, scripting for me is easy. with editing, I feel like a squirrel with A.D.D and coffe
so...sting debuted in @WWE huh? excuse me while i sign up for @WWENetwork ...yes i'm willing to start for sting alone #stingisfavorite
turns out my contract with @MakerStudios doesn't end until July...*siigh* just 8 more months kenneth, just 8 more months.
thequarterguy: Call me out on technical mistakes or mistakes on my research?  That’s fine.  I listen to... 
80 someodd play throughs I FINALLY did a 100% run of metroid fusion #FUCKYES #proudgamer 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
@QuartrGuy @rabbidluigi mine's fullautoexpert. #whycantichangemypsnid
@Rogueshadow75 @AlexTheAutarch NOOOOOOO!
@AlexTheAutarch if samus were to get in mk8 she shouldnt have a vehicle, she should just speed boost the whole time #samusformk8
@1followernodad @MaraWritesStuff if they're young cops they get an extra 5 year old too. -_-
I liked a @YouTube video 
I liked a @YouTube video from @mhzero75 
the best phrase i've heard today: "Maybe the love of my life got stuck in a condom"
Planning on leaving @MakerStudios the only thing i've gained from being with them is 60% revenue and a sound library I have no use for.
Something I shouldn't bring up...at all - I’m going to be talking about rape accusations. if you have... 
Photoset: thequarterguy: Let’s see… Luigi Never launched himself like a rocket outside of Smash Or created... 
@JonTronShow people say the same about MacDonald's but I've had no problems with either.
having trouble deciding who to commission to do title cards. anyone got any recommendations?
(cont) plus i know his ai's pattern, so I can make him go wherever I please and line up hits however i need them. #failureleadstosuccess
have attempted @ProJared ganondorf challenge 4, failed each time. But I know the minimum % ganondorf needs to be at to be ko'd #determined
FUCK YES!!! 
thequarterguy: just-homura: When ur tumblr senpais follow u wHEN UR TUMBLR SENPAIS FOLLOW U AND REBLOG FROM... 
Reblog if you'd care if I killed myself - thequarterguy: mattsexpinosaaa: relaapse: danidollfacex:... 
@AlphaOmegaSin @WWE This is one of many reasons I stopped watching
10 days have passed, unless king records is stupid, episode 4 should be back up by saturday at the latest....or until the next strike
back on track for scripting, i'm going balls to the wall on this one, could end up being an hour long. #gethype
I liked a @YouTube video from @somecallmejon 
How long could I live for with a billion dollars? - so I read the news today and read harold hamm has to... 
if you've beaten super metroid, and you're having a bad day: look at this 
portraying yourself as someone who fought for your country when you did no such thing is disgusting, and insulting to those who truly fought
glad to see this guy charged for this, he deserves it 
thequarterguy: theliterarywolf: Well, I just got through reading an ‘article’ (and I use that term... 
Photoset: thequarterguy: whoaoh: thegirlwiththethornonherside: aaaaaaawwwwww THIS IS THE BEST FUCKING POST... 
I liked a @YouTube video from @quartrguy 
MIGRAINE: lol nope
fuck i loved my new logo!
I liked a @YouTube video from @projared 
my entire script...gone....windows restarted before i saved....FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCKKKKKKK!!!!
I liked a @YouTube video 

people make me sick more often then not lately
so I finished Aliens last night. @angryjoeshow does the series get better or worse from here?
people being asked if pedophiles should get the death penalty, only two people out of over 60 stated no. #disgusted 
@marytullyboy i cant speak for the da in america that one...also ken, kenny or special k take your pick i dont care
@marytullyboy Oh you most certainly can. another thing that is certain is that your subtlety is lacking.
@marytullyboy taking someone's pet from inside their home, without informing the owner until said pet is dead? sounds pretty ill-intended
@marytullyboy I found this disturbing, i felt the need to speak of it, it's not being bent out of shape, it's showing concern,
@marytullyboy just because charges we're dropped doesn't mean it didn't happen.
@marytullyboy 
Next time you criticize video games. be sure your not worse than what you accuse 
After the next review I start scripting for a review and a countdown, and I'll be releasing the countdown after the review #gethype
@JonTronShow America: follow Canada's path and save people's lives one more step by saving their bodies AND their wallets!
at this point you've probably noticed I fucking hate #CatchingFire. I just can't accept it as a sequel to the hunger games.
...and then of course the ending is the most forced sequel bait deus ex machina ending i've ever seen in my life.
...plus you never care about the deaths because they don't spend enough time building up the characters. i just shrugged each time.
...#CatchingFire is to the hunger games, as the 3rd birthday is to parasite eve. Katniss basically wines and cries the whole time.
I'll be waiting for part 2 before I watch #Mockingjay , I need more time to recuperate from the horrific #CatchingFire .
@DaOcho49 @AlexTheAutarch sonic and the secret rings basically was sonic 06 on the wii.
So I beat the Wonderful 101 - I love this game….But I also hate this game. So the good: it’s over the top,... 
@Patreon fix your fucking system! I'm getting sick and tired of being charged for something I already paid for! #PissedTheFuckOff
