@MadisonMcgranor thanks!
Who tripped the Oshawa guy? At any rate this is one hell of a championship game.
I meant on my phone in that last tweet.
Is it sad that I have a lot more pictures of hockey players than myself?
Is it normal to hate your iPod as much as I do?
Lost is a great place to find yourself.
Life's too short to be ordinary. Be extraordinary.
Your attitude + your choices = your life
I am mentally dating Michael Houser. Judge me.
Never stop learning because life never stops teaching.
When life changes to be harder, change yourself to be stronger.
Senioritis is a real thing. Just look at me and you will understand.
There is no elevator to success. You have to take the stairs.
The people who want to stay in your life will find a way to. Don't force it upon them.
Don’t wait for the world to recognize your greatness. Live it and let the world catch up.
It’s getting too hot to do anything. I’ll be heading into hibernation until November.
I’m afraid of losing people I love. I wonder if there’s anyone who’s afraid to lose me.
Women speak about 7,000 words a day while men only speak about 2,000.
What did I see in my exes? I’d never date them again. Worst mistakes of my life.
I’m finally reading books in two or three days instead of a week. Yes!
MacBeth is so confusing! It makes me wanna cry! What is it even about? I'm so totally lost...
May is one busy month for me. I can’t wait for it to be over and done with.
Computers fucking hate me.
My hips are in bad shape. Doesn't McDowell know that? I have to walk up 4 flights of stairs and it's absolute hell.
The computer just logged me out. What the fuck?
My breakfast for tomorrow. 
Know before you judge. 
Commit before you promise. 
Forgive before you forget. 
Appreciate befor…

Didn't unfollow as many people as originally planned, but oh well. That's okay with me.
I feel like unfollowing people.
Exactly one more month until I get my high school diploma. About time.
Does anyone think that I can get to 4,000 by June 10th when I graduate high school? I'm gonna try.
The fact that I have nothing to tweet is just plain sad.
Finally 3,000 tweets! I'm logging off now so I can read.
There are 54 editions of those Now CDs? Wow. I can remember when there were only 24, and that was only 2007.
If you’re not willing to change, don’t expect your life to.
People say that Facebook causes drama. False. You cause your own drama by posting it to Facebook. Get it right, people.
I’ll burst out laughing in dead silence over something that happened days ago. Or for nothing at all for that matter. I’m just that random.
I did not trip. The floor looked sad and I thought it needed a hug.
Oh my. Both my phone and laptop are blowing up with notifications from here. I feel wanted.
@steelcitykid88 They didn't unfollow me. It's just that a handful of people followed me within ten minutes and now no one's following me.
I hate it when I’m singing a song and the artist gets the words wrong.
Common sense is now an endangered species. Stupidity has taken over the world and unfortunately there is no known cure.
I'm getting closer and closer to my mark.
Middle age: that time when you get your head together but your body starts falling apart.
Why is no one following me now?
We may be getting older, but that doesn’t mean we have to be boring and act our age.
Yes, I am single. So you’re gonna have to be pretty amazing to change that.
I’m not short. I’m just more down to earth than most people.
15 more tweets!!!!
Apparently my Wi-Fi wasn't connected to my laptop when it was connected to my phone. FML.
This cat is so cute. 
My laptop is such an ass. Never get an Asus laptop because it sucks.
Internet Explorer keeps closing. Bitch, work for me or I will smack you until you do.
It'd be nice if my laptop would work for once.
Wow. Now my laptop is being a jackass by not cooperating with me.
Is it possible to eat a potato raw? If it is, I'm doing I!
Nebraska logic: when tornado sirens go off everyone goes outside to take a look.
If you don't like me, then you probably won't like me and I am completely okay with that.
I'm done making an effort with anyone who doesn't wanna make an effort to be in my life. If you wanna be in my life, YOU make the effort.
Bad news: I Googled what happens when you reach 1,000,000 tweets on Twitter and I got nothing.
Good news: my stomach doesn't feel like lead anymore!
@RDPashe YES!
I don’t need a perfect life. I just want to be happy and surrounded by good friends who love me for me.
I enjoy getting all of these followers I just hope that none of them will unfollow me down the road because I'll unfollow them as well.
Being single doesn’t mean that you’re weak. It just means that you’re strong enough to wait for what you deserve.
Arguing with a woman is like getting arrested. Everything you say and do will be used against you.
My toes aren't in pain anymore. I thought I was going to have to get them amputated. I was actually really scared about that.
I used to have braces back in the day so I have clear retainers. No one notices them and everyone's surprise when they find out that I am.
What happens when someone gets to one million tweets?
I've literally gone the entire day with my retainers. This is quite the accomplishment for me because it hasn't happened in months.
Getting to 3,000 tweets is proving to take longer than what I originally thought.
Less than 40 tweets away from the big 3,000!
I usually give people more chances than they deserve, and I’m officially done with doing that.
I'm getting a great number of people following me right now. Keep it up people!
When people tell you that you’re gonna regret something in the morning, sleep till noon because you’re a problem solver.
For some reason the toes on my left foot are hurting really bad. And the one is red.
The Sabres can’t win a game. They can’t even win the draft lottery or the Stanley Cup. They can’t even make the playoffs!
Have you ever just stopped and realized that if you hadn't met a certain person in your life, your life would be totally different?
If you love hockey, we’re friends. If you love the Pittsburgh Penguins we’re family.
15 Extremely Creepy Photos You Can't Un-see 
My laptop is running pretty fast tonight. This is an enjoyable development.
I don’t have a temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
If you’re going to have opinions about my life, will you be paying some of my bills?

It would be very much appreciated.
It looks like I'll dip into my list of things to tweet a lot tonight unless I can think of other things to tweet.
It seems like this year's style of shoe is aimed towards older women who are going on cruises. Like, that's not even cool.
My stomach is so full of spaghetti that it feels like lead. Well, once I'm done with my laptop for the night, I'm walking around my room.
Those who achieve success are those who take dreams and make them come true.
I wish legs shaved themselves
Once I get to 3,000 tweets I'm logging off.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny- C.S. Lewis
I need things to tweet about.
Waking up before 7 am should be illegal.
My laptop is cooperating with me for once. This is quite the interesting development because it never wants to work for me.
The best revenge is just moving on and letting karma do the rest.
Depression, self-harm, eating disorders, and suicide are not a joke.
My Saturday evening: getting to 3,000 tweets, Facebook, Microsoft Office, listening to my iPod, watching Property Brothers, and reading.
Changed my Instagram name to penguins_fan_03 if anyone cares.
I'm done unfollowing people because it's getting old.
Should I unfollow more people on here? Because I'm totally in the mood for it.
I feel like eating because I'm starving. But dinner's in an hour.
I'm done with shopping for the rest of the year. Maybe for the rest of my life. I hate shopping. It's the most annoying thing in the world.
It's too hot to do anything for the rest of the day, so I'm already in my pajamas.
The dress I'm wearing for graduation. 
Dress I'm wearing on Tuesday for my job interview at Primanti Brothers. 
I tweet a lot. Has anyone noticed?
Doritos are so amazing.
@glovesaveluongo both taste good when not put together.
@glovesaveluongo I know, but putting them together is just plain wrong.

1. Don't
Bacon and hot dogs do not go together in my eyes. Sue me.
I've been hungry a lot lately.
My hair has actually been cooperating with me recently. I'm used because it rarely ever does.
Might walk down to Valu and get a hot dog for lunch since it's their community day and it's only two blocks away.
I'm getting a dress today for job interviews, weddings, graduations, and funerals. That means I can get rid of my old funeral outfit.
Winter cannot get here fast enough.
I like flip-flops. But not shorts because I'm not fond of my legs.
I'm gonna try to get to 3,000 tweets today. Let's do it!
Wearing my favorite pair of jeans today because YOLO. 
I'm not lazy. I'm just energy efficient.
That walk was nice. Got back roughly an hour ago and everything is fine now.
Yep. Gonna go for that walk. I need it to cool off.
I like eating invisible cereal when I'm excited.
I'm thinking of going out for a walk.
I hate all this negativity.
I'm so bored and fat.
I'm getting tired of this negativity. I wish I could get out of the house, but it's too hot to be outside and no one wants to do anything.
You don’t have to return any of my texts or calls. I actually like being completely ignored without explanation. It’s actually my favorite.
Why is my laptop running so damn slow?
You've hurt me more than you can ever imagine. I'm glad that nothing ever happened between us other than that argument.
The Pittsburgh Penguins make me very, very sad.
So guess what I saw a couple weeks ago in town. 
I always try to be in a good mood but then someone has to go and ruin it for me. Anyone in Erie wanna do something tonight?
I’m already getting nervous for free agency.
You never learn to stop loving someone. You just learn to live without them. #Rammer
I’m done with guys for a long time. Possibly forever. All the guys I’ve dated were douchebags in some way, shape, or form.
You’re never too old to love hockey.
Raising your voice at kids can cause long-term damage to their emotional health.
Tornado warning in Texas. All residents are advised to go to Cowboy Stadium. No chance of a touchdown there.
I can look you dead in your face while you’re talking and not hear a thing you said.
It’s hard to tell your head to stop loving someone when your heart still does. #Rammer
What defines us is how well we rise after falling.
You are the creator of your own destiny.
If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door so it can. #motivation
Every champion was once a contender who refused to give up.
Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.
You’re confined by the walls you build yourself.
Go ahead. Judge me. But remember to be perfect for the rest of your life.
The best dreams happen when you’re awake.
Dream as if you’ll live forever. Live as if you’ll die tomorrow.
Computers never seem to wanna work for me.
I'm not yelling, I'm Italian.
This number called me about a credit card I don't have. Jerks. 
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Life is a balance of letting go and holding on.
Memories take us back, but dreams take us forward.
Life is too short to wait for something that may not happen.
You’ll never be successful if you don’t encounter failure.
You’ll never learn if you never make mistakes.
You can keep going long after you think you can’t.
I need a perpetual break from my own thoughts.
Being an adult is the dumbest thing I’ve ever done.
I’m gonna start drinking more water. Hopefully it’ll help me lose weight.
Why does technology never wanna work for me?
I’m ready to be done with high school.
Being someone’s first love may be great, but to be their last is beyond perfect.
I’m not going on the Cedar Point trip. It’s too expensive and I’m not getting up at 5:30 on a Saturday morning for it.
The fact that I care too much about hockey is a bit sad. I should try getting a life outside of hockey.
I hate it when people unfollow me on here and on Instagram. I will find you and unfollow you back. So, take that.
You can’t start the next chapter of your life if you keep re-reading the last one.
Everything you want is on the other side of fear.
I hate not having a front-facing camera on my phone. It’s rather inconvenient.
Don’t let your happiness depend on something you might lose.
A bad attitude is like a flat tire. You can’t go anywhere until you change it.
Should I change my Twitter handle? Suggestions?
Impossible means that you haven’t found the solution yet. So find the solution.
Why I don’t like Connor McDavid: he swore under his breath to a friend of mine who only wanted ONE autograph from him. How hard is that?
Haters are people who secretly wish to be you.
No pain means no gain.
All my life I thought air was free until I bought a bag of chips.
Once I get a job I'll start saving up for an apartment I can share with a couple friends. I'm not telling my mom where I'm living either.
My mom doesn't believe that I'm moving out. But I am serious about it. And I'll never talk to her again.
I'm taking my hoodie off once I get outside.
My mom doesn't care about my feelings like she claims she is.
The day I move out will be the best day of my life. It's always been about my mother. Fuck you too.
Why should I wear a hoodie when I'm still gonna get wet from the rain and I'm just gonna carry it around all day? Makes no sense to me.
The Rapping Grandma is dead! I have no idea who she is, but she's dead! Oh no! I'm sad! I have no idea why I'm using exclamation points!
I’m not single. I’m not taken. I’m simply on reserve for the hockey player who deserves my heart. #Michael #Houser
I don’t trust words. I trust actions.
I’m not hungry, but I am bored. Therefore I shall eat.
I don’t try to be awesome. It just comes naturally.
I hate when I script a conversation and the other person doesn’t follow it.
If you write a book about failure and it doesn’t sell, is it called success?
You say I’m dirty minded. But how did you understand what I meant?
A good mood is like a balloon. One little prick is all it takes to ruin it.
My senioritis is really kicking in. I don’t know if it’s because of the weather warming up or what.
Ray Shero is now the GM of the New Jersey Devils.
At least Fleury tried his best to keep the team in the games.
I’m excited that Olli’s gonna be ready for next season! Maybe he’ll even win the Norris too! I'd be so happy if he did, though. #OLLI
There are three words that describe me perfectly: Fired Up Individual.
It’s terrible that someone who meant so much to you last year can be just a stranger now.
It’s funny how someone who was just a stranger last year can mean so much to you now.
If we’re in a relationship, I don’t care how many people try to talk or flirt with you. It’s what you say back that really matters.
I need a phone with 500% battery.
Why stress over someone who won’t even text to see if you’re alright?
One of my favorite feelings is laughing with someone and realizing halfway through how much you enjoy them and their existence.
I’ve lost someone who didn’t love me. But they lost someone who loved them. #Rammer
There’s a difference between what you say and what you do.
If a boy cries over a girl, it means that he really loves her.
Have you ever been so wildly attracted to someone that you can actually feel it driving you insane? #Rammer
You still make me smile, even though you’re the main reason why I’m sad. #Pens
@erieotterfans It's not that. It's McDowell. The vast majority of the students who go there hate it a lot.
Graduation cannot get here fast enough.
With the right music, you can either forget everything or you remember everything.
You can’t change someone who doesn’t see an issue in their actions.
The only thing harder than letting go is moving on.
I know you don’t feel the same way about you, but I really can’t get over you. #Rammer
You have no idea how hard it is to force myself to stop thinking about you. #Rammer
How can I move on when I’m still in love with you? #Rammer
I’ll be sitting somewhere in section 101 for the OHL Finals.
I’ve got a lot going on this month. I’m so ready for high school graduation, though. I’m so ready to be done with high school for good.
Sometimes you miss memories, but not the person.
Distance means nothing when someone means everything.
Sometimes it takes a really hard fall to really know where you stand.- Hayley Williams
I’m responsible for what I say. But I’m not responsible for what you understand.
I think I'm done writing books for good. I just lack creativity and there are others things I'd much rather do instead.
I'll probably sit on the other of the EIA for the championship round because I don't wanna run into people I'm not friends with anymore.
I unfollowed a bunch of people on here a couple hours ago. It felt nice. Now back to reading my book.
Only six more weeks of high school until I graduate! June tenth is gonna get here so fast.
This is so sad, but so true. 
I just might go to OHL Championship games.
I hate when I can't get comfortable enough to read for hours at a time.
A flying bug just attacked my head. It scared me a lot. I'd just been peacefully reading when it happened.
My evening tonight: my laptop and my book.
What to watch on Youtube?
I'm happy because I can get Wi-Fi up in my room. But it's also hot up in my room so I've got my fan going.
If it doesn’t challenge you, it doesn’t change you.
Good friends are like stars. You don’t always see them, but you know they’re always there.
I'm getting of my laptop by 8. No excuses. I need to burn off dinner.
Silence is the most powerful scream.
I hate it when I eat too much at dinner. Like tonight.
Girls wear makeup because boys fall in love with what they see. Boys lie because girls fall in love with what they hear.
Don’t be afraid to change. You might lose something good, but you’ll gain something even better.
My first boyfriend got a girl pregnant. So glad that that girl wasn't me. I'm glad he's out of my life. I'm done with him.
So I need to get a squad together this summer. Who's with me? 
Life is what happens when you're planning something else.
This is gonna be me. But otherwise I'd totally be the cat on the bottom. 
Look what I found on Monday evening. 
This is gonna be me in the future. 
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
If you can dream it, you can do it.
Hah! 
Well, I enjoyed that short walk I took to mail a letter to my future college.
Follow your heart but take your brain with you. You might need it in the end.
I'm trying to finish an 854-page book this weekend. So far I'm 360 pages in.
Forget what hurt you, but never forget what it taught you.
I have a thing for corn. 
This is priceless. 
I'm decisively indesive.
Forget safety. Live where you fear to live. Destroy your reputation. Be notorious.
Time is precious. Waste it wisely. #hockey

The struggle you’re in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow.
It’s not who you are that holds you back, it’s who you think you are.- Denis Waitley
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
Missing someone is your heart’s way of reminding you that you love them.
Great friends are hard to find, difficult to leave, and impossible to forget.
Time has a wonderful way of showing us what really matters.
Don’t compare your life to others. You have no idea what they’ve been through.- Sam Cawthorn
It always seems impossible until it’s done.- Nelson Mandela
Don’t cry because it happened. Smile because it’s over.
We're forcing a game seven tomorrow. Go Hounds.
We accept the love we think we deserve.- Stephen Chbosky
If something is important to you, you’ll find a way. If not, you’ll find an excuse.
Silent people have the loudest minds. But silence is the best response to a fool.
Don’t like me? Cool. I don’t wake up every day trying to impress you.
If you want something you’ve never had, you’ve gotta do something you’ve never done.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
The only time you should ever look back is to see how far you’ve come.
Don’t let the behavior of others destroy your inner peace.
It’s so hard to forget someone who gave you so much to remember. #Rammer
If you’re always trying to be normal, you’ll never know how amazing you can be.- Maya Angelou
I’m getting back into writing again. I just hope it doesn't consume me like it has in the past.
Saying yeah doesn't constitute as attitude. Get over yourself. Just because I don't feel like moving means that I'm rude. It means I'm lazy.
Craig Adams is not returning next year. Yes!
In the end we regret the chances we didn’t take.
Don’t wait for the perfect moment. Make the moment perfect.
We learn from failure, not success.
Don’t rush anything. When the time is right, it’ll happen.
Be yourself because an original is worth more than a copy.
What you allow is what will continue.
Expect nothing and you will never be disappointed.
When does Mars Area High School starts classes in the morning? I'm writing a book where the main character goes there, and I need to know.
Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings, and emotions.
I’m not random. You just can’t think as fast as I can.
Don’t judge my choices without understanding my reasons.
Some people come into your life as blessings. Others come into your life as lessons.
The greatest pleasure in life is doing the things that people say you can’t.
If you’re against gay rights and following me, I won't follow back because gays are people too. They deserve the same rights as straights.
A winner is a dreamer who never gives up.
Happy birthday, Taylor Chorney!
I’m not being immature. I’m just having fun. You should try it sometime.
I fart because it’s the only gas I can afford.
Laughing is the best medicine. But if you’re laughing for no reason you may need medicine.
I am who I am. Your approval is not needed. You know why? I was born to be different, not perfect so you don’t need to judge me.
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you missed. Please hit them up. Soon.
My maturity level depends on who I’m with.
I talk to myself because I need expert advice.
Life is too short to spend time with people who suck the happiness right out of you.
Don’t give up because the beginning is always the hardest.
Should I keep my Wii or sell it? I can’t decide.
1. 2010-11
2. Erie Otters (OHL)
3. Pittsburgh Penguins 
4. Craig Adams, Thomas Greiss,  and Rob… 
I feel so detached to my life when my iPod is charging.
I'd rather be happy and single than miserable and in a relationship. I'd rather not have a boyfriend because I don't wanna be screwed over.
Push yourself to better yourself because your life will be better.
Your looks aren’t what’s important. I’ll judge you solely on what NHL team you cheer for.
People should stop expecting normal from me because I tried being normal once and that was the worst five minutes of my life.
I’m studying for Finals. The Stanley Cup Finals. So take that, teachers at McDowell.
I hate how my weekends rush by in a blur and my weeks just drag by. I wish they could flip-flop. I would totally love that.
I wish I still had my Beyond Pink tape. I’d jam out to it all the time if that were the case.
I'll be doing this, if you had a doubt, till the love runs out, till the love runs out.
Unless that celebrity is a hockey player I like. Especially if they are Michael Houser, Olli Maatta, and Tuukka Rask.
I don’t care what celebrities do. They don’t affect me personally. They’re humans too and they deserve as much privacy as the next person.
I wish my bio on here could be longer. Because it totally would be if I could make that happen without using acronyms. I hate acronyms.
I’m mentally hilarious. Actually, I think I’m hilarious in general but others give me dirty looks.
Eating spaghetti is quite enjoyable for me.
I like apple pie and chicken pot pie. I always burn my tongue eating chicken pot pie, though.
I get fired up easily. Anything and everything can and will get me fired up.
My biggest weakness is getting out of bed in the morning. So are Pop-Tarts and spaghetti.
What do you do with your life if you don’t get emotional over hockey?
The fact that nothing ever happens to me makes me sad. Why can’t my life be more interesting?
Nothing interesting ever happens to me. I’m just boring a person leading a boring life.
SHUT UP AND DANCE WITH ME BECAUSE TALKING IS HARD!
I’d rather be wrapped up in a book than go out on a Friday night. I’m more of a homebody.
Unfortunately for us, Shero and Bylsma got the last laugh.
I’m one of those people who don’t care what others say about me because their opinions don’t define who I am.
I’m surprisingly almost done with my research paper for English. I honestly thought it would take longer, but it’s not.


I need a hockey ticket to see my boyfriend I've never met and who has no idea we're even dating. What has my life come to?

What am I gonna do with my life until October now that the Pens are out of the playoffs. #IsItOctoberYet
We're apparently keeping Johnston and Rutherford. Bad idea. They're ruining this team. Please get rid of them ASAP.
Yes! Yes! Yes! 

• Playoff Hockey 
• Playoff Hockey 
• Playoff Hockey 
• Playoff Hockey
I burned my tongue on the chicken pot pie I had for lunch an hour ago. I hate when I burn my tongue.
I think I'm done unfollowing people. At least for now anyway.
The sole reason I'm going to my senior prom is because I wanna conquer my fear of wearing a dress and going to a formal dance.
I just tried on my prom dress again. The good thing is that it fits, but it needs to be taken in at the bottom and a little in the chest.
The only thing we like about your sport are your fitted hats.

Sincerely,
Hockey players everywhe…
Hockey is not a game, it is a lifestyle.
Out with Rutherford and Johnston. In with actual proven winners.
Now I'm considering unfollowing all Rangers fans now.
Unfollowing people because I just don't care anymore about them.
is generally the one who is willing
to do and dare. The "sure thing"
boat never gets offsho…
@malkinschild let's have a game seven!
OT! Let's get this done, boys!
ALL I WANT IS MY POST GAME PENSPOINTS CODE!
My phone is still running slow af even though I've deleted pictures and cleared some data and gotten rid of a couple apps.
It's only eight at night and I'm already tired af.






We need to get our shit together like right now.
Me right now. 
Fuck.

Why does Adams keep getting scratched?
Ugh. Coach Johnston has such an ugly haircut.

#Pens #Believe
Martin-Lovejoy
Scuderi-Cole
Dumoulin-Chorney

Fleury will be in net
Nurse – Ganly  
Boland – DeAngelo 
White – Bouramman  

Halverson starts tonight’s game with Raaymakers backing hi…
Bunting – McCann – Tolchinsky 
Ritchie – Guertler – Moore 
Speers – Dupuy – Bailey 
Goetz – Verbeek – Se…
This game is going to change my life. My life will never be the same after tonight. No matter what happens.
This game will define the rest of my life.
I'm trying to free up some space on my phone by deleting some pictures, but it's so hard because I don't wanna delete any pictures!
You stay classy, Flyers fans.
My latest guy obsession: Derek Boogaard. 
Yes! 
Hockey is better than sleep. Especially during the playoffs.
Our journey tonight begins with desperation, not ends with it.
I love how I retweet a bunch of crap on the weekends and tweet actual things during the week.
Happy birthday Kris Letang and Scott Wilson.
@brucewald @PENSPOINTS_14 Thanks!
@brucewald @PENSPOINTS_14 I see.
The fact that I'm in a skirt and heels is just sad. I hate both.
@erieotterfans Oh, okay.
@erieotterfans @Dwhite613 @GoLondonKnights @Ottawa67sHockey @TSN1200 @max_domi It confused me. So I didn't know.
I enjoy causing general ruckuses.
I’d have 43 bumper stickers and a YOLO license plate because I'm tacky like that.
My favorite part of the day is going to sleep and my least favorite part of the day is waking up in the morning.
I’m clearing out of Erie a month after I graduate college and moving to Pittsburgh because there are actually things to do down there.
I can’t wait to clear out of Erie. I can’t stand Erie because there’s nothing to do except for sitting around the house, bored all the time.
Eating makes me hungry. I think that’s bad. Also, being hungry makes me hungry.
I can’t wait to get out of high school because I’m getting fed up with McDowell.
There are less than two months till I graduate high school! But graduation can’t come fast enough for me, though.
Shut Up and Dance With Me is quite literally my new personal anthem. I don’t wanna stop listening to it.
I seriously wish people could understand me on my level of crazy, but I don’t think that day will ever come.
Henrik Lundqvist is all about that flop, ‘bout that flop, no dignity.
You never know what you have until it's gone.
I’m definitely going to prom. I’m going with one of my cousins because Olli has not gotten back to me yet…
Why is it so hard to get a job? Don’t employers know that college is not paying for itself?
I may or may not go on my senior class trip because it’s too expensive. Even though it’s to Cedar Point.
I’m actually learning a lot about CTE, so I’m kinda happy about that since I don’t know a whole lot about it.
This English research paper on CTE is killing me. But I’m enjoying it.
I could take prom or leave it.
I think sometimes that I’m too hard to handle for a lot of people.
I’m surprised that my short height can hold all of the personality that I have.
Rest in peace, Sergei Mikhalev.
I’m keeping Facebook just because I want to.
You’re not living till you’re living with me. You’re not winning till you’re winning me. You’re not living till you’re living for me.
Why do I bother getting involved with guys when I know it’s gonna go up in flames later? I think I’m too optimistic. I need to stop with it.
Make every day count because you don't know when your last day will be. Take chances because it'll be worth it in the end.
The guy who came into my English class a while back to give a presentation is more fired up than me.
Opinions expressed on my page are strictly my own. If you don’t like them, don’t follow me. It’s as easy as that.
I need to eat at the restaurants that Hines Ward and Jerome Bettis have.
I’m not a perfect person. I make a lot of mistakes. But I really appreciate those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am.
Playing hide-and-seek at McDowell would be a lot of fun with not a lot of people around.
I’m dedicating my CTE research paper for English to Derek Boogaard because I can and I really want to.
This week is going by way too slow. It needs to speed up already and end already.
I got a Mario Lemieux poster on Saturday at a memorabilia event.
@PensSockMonkey Thanks!
I heard senior skip day for McDowell is Monday, May 18, which is the Monday after prom.
I have a job interview at Build-A-Bear on Friday!
It’s taken me three relationships to realize that I hate dating.
I like foods high in carbs. I don't know why, but I just do.
I'M HAVING SPAGHETTI SATURDAY NIGHT FOR DINNER! I'M EXCITED!! SPAGHETTI IS MY MOST FAVORITE FOOD IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE UNIVERSE!!!
I attract drama. I hate it. I have my first ex to blame for all the drama I’ve been involved in since January, even we dated two years ago.
Rutherford made us lose a quality defenseman and Beau’s best friend in Robert Bortuzzo. I want Borts back.
Rutherford’s made some really questionable trades. Bortuzzo for Cole? Yeah, the Blues clearly won that trade.
Rutherford is unfit to be GM because he’s not used to putting a winning team on the ice.
I can understand that Johnston has no previous NHL experience, but this season is just unacceptable in my eyes.
At least Bylsma got us into the playoffs earlier in the season.
Bring me in as head coach and GM of the Pens. I’m sure I’d be able to do a better job than Rutherford and Johnston combined.
I want Johnston and Rutherford to both be fired.
I got some songs I never listen to off my iPod. I feel bad about it because I could’ve used that iTunes money for other songs instead.
I love Doritos.
I’m ready to spread my wings and breakaway. I wanna do so much with my life.
I can't wait to get a new pair of sunglasses.
#(Domi)nation
I'm a hockey genius because I'm a Pens fan.
My retainers are like my false teeth. I feel naked without them on. They're like my security blanket.
I love how no one knows that I still wear my retainers practically all the time. So if you see me pulling them out of my mouth don't freak.
Does anyone wanna squad over the summer in Erie? I wanna get a squad together so we can make general ruckuses all over town.
Not only can the Sabres not win the Stanley Cup, they can't even win the Connor McDavid sweepstakes.
I like cats more than I like people.
So now I have to wait for my dad to call me and pick me up to run out and get a new pair of sunglasses because I cannot live without a pair.
My sunglasses broke. I threw them, but not at all hard, but they still broke. And I just got them a year and a half ago. What a douchebag.
Yeah, I'm not gonna Tebow. I'm too tired. Sorry if I disappointed anyone.
NO...! NOT CROSBY...!
If we win tonight, I'm Tebowing and posting that picture to here.
@mikewmckee @Pittsburgh_Bill @NBCSports but unfortunately I'm more of a visual person.
I'm so tired.
#commercial
@mikewmckee @Browns YES!

The Sabres officially fail at failing. What a joke.
Just posted a photo 
EDMONDTON IS RUINING CONNOR MCDAVID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

*my head explod…
This is boring.
Haha. The Flyers are at seventh.
JUST ANNOUNCE THE NHL TEAM THAT'S DRAFTING MCDAVID!!!
Now to mute the TV.
The sad thing is that I keep buying books and I can't keep up!
I'm getting rid of some songs on my iPod on Monday because I never listen to them and I kinda need to get more space on it anyway.
Can we finally find out who picks first in June?
Apparently bacon can help you live longer. So now all I'm going to eat is bacon for the rest of my life. Maybe if I do I'll live forever.
I have 120 PenPoints. What does everyone else have in the way of PenPoints?
I have to listen to Pierre McGuire tonight on the Pens game? The TV will be muted all throughout the game because I am not listeing to him.
Down to following 830 people. That's down from 850 a few minutes ago.
I'm emotionally attached to hockey. Don't judge.
I just might go through my following list once a week or so.
@WAhockey28 that is true.
@WAhockey28 But a lot of businesses don't do paper applications anymore.
Going through my following list again. I must really like cleaning that out.
@WAhockey28 
Why can't everyone be handed a minimum wage job at 16? It would be so much easier to get a job that way.
You know what else is frustrating? Trying to get a job.
It's also frustrating.
Working ahead in math is so time-consuming.
@trubluePensfan I'm gonna go hide in a hole until he comes back.
Did Beau Bennett shut down his account?  I can't find him anymore on here... *begins whining*
Grew up in a small town. And when the rain would fall down, I'd just stare out my window, dreaming of what could be.
For some reason I have trouble falling asleep at night. It’s probably because my mind refuses to turn itself off.
I’m a lost cause.
I’m not an affectionate person. There are no exceptions. Unless you’re a hockey player. I will only hug hockey players.
I wonder when I’ll finally ditch the imaginary people. Probably never.
Call me when you grow up. I’ll also call you when I grow up and rid myself of my imaginary friends.
What’s really sad is that my imaginary friends and family know way more about me than anyone else in my life. They are what keep me sane.
We all have endless mental conversations with ourselves, but I go above and beyond that with my imaginary friends and family.
Is it weird that I’m eighteen and I still have imaginary friends and family?
Silence is golden, but duct tape is silver.
But since you been gone, I can breathe for the first time. I'm so moving on. Thanks to you, now I get what I want.
I’m doing CTE for my senior research paper. So far it's interesting.
I can finally listen to the radio because there’s no more static. But I’m not used to turning it on, so I mostly don’t turn it on.
I’m sad that I don’t live in Pittsburgh. But I can’t wait to move there because there’s a lot more things to do in Pittsburgh than Erie.
Hockey takes up way too much of my time for me to get into a relationship.
This is the part of me that you’re never gonna ever take away from me, no. Throw your sticks and stones, but you’re not gonna break my soul.
It's a crazy town full of neon dreams. Everybody plays. Hollywood with a touch of twang. To be a star you gotta bang, bang, bang.
I don’t know how I’m gonna do this but I’m immortalizing myself forever. I don’t care what it takes. I’m going to do make a name for myself.
A lot of things fire me up, though. Has anyone realized that, though?
My Chemical Romance’s “Sing” gets me fired up. It’s such a motivating song for me. Give it a listen.
Sing it for the deaf, sing it for the blind. Sing about everyone that you left behind. Sing it for the world, sing it for the world.
Every time you lose it sing it for the world. Sing it from the heart. Sing it till you're nuts. Sing it for the ones who hate your guts.
For every time that they want to count you out, use your voice every single time you open up your mouth.
CTE is a rapid degenerative disease of the brain. Think Derek Boogaard.
For my senior research paper, should I either do the effects of anorexia or the causes and effects of CTE? See next tweet for more on CTE.
We are all misfits living in a world on fire. Sing it for the people like us, the people like us.
Because of you, I never stray too far from the sidewalk, I learned to play on the safe side, I find it hard to trust everyone around me.
But you won't get to see the tears I cry behind these hazel eyes.
Here I am, once again. I'm torn into pieces. Can't deny it, can't pretend. Just thought you were the one. Broken up, deep inside.
Buildings with 100 floors, swinging around revolving doors. Maybe I don't know where they'll take me but gotta keep moving on, moving on.
I’m kinda working ahead in math because this chapter is pretty easy. I love when I can do this because it gives me more time to do nothing.
Attention: life will be postponed indefinitely due to NHL playoff hockey.
Maybe if the Penguins make an early exit out of the playoffs Johnston and Rutherford will be ousted and the old crew will come back.
I’ll be an exercise science major freshman year of college so I can get my feet wet in sports medicine. I think, but I'm not entirely sure.
I’m looking more into being a physician’s assistant rather than an athletic trainer. Fortunately I have a year to decide that.
My senior interview went pretty good today. Here’s to hoping that I passed and can graduate in June.
I fractured my motivation for school.
I'll spread my wings and learn how to fly. I'll make a wish, take a chance, make a change, and breakaway.
Shut up and put your money where your mouth is. That's what you get for waking up a Knights’ fan, Hanson. I tell myself that a lot lately.
I need a ride-or-die homie. Who wants to be that person for me?
I need to try on my prom dress to make sure it still fits. I’m pretty sure it will still fit, though.
I’m kinda getting excited for prom. I still have not heard back from Olli about my promposal. This actually makes me quite sad.
Warm weather also makes me uncomfortable.
I hate warm weather because it makes it harder for me to fall asleep. I prefer when the temperature is below 50 degrees Fahrenheit.
I need to go through my following list again next weekend. I'd like to unfollow some more people again.
I’ve got a 94% overall in math so far. This is my highest math grade ever.
Can we please bring back Dan Bylsma? At least with him the playoffs are guaranteed earlier in the season.
Sometimes I’m disappointed in myself because I know I’m better than some of the choices I make and the things I choose to deal with.
I have an unhealthy addiction for Pop-Tarts and Danishes. But I’m gonna try and change that. Unfortunately, I don't think I can be cured.
I should get a squad together so we can squad around Erie this summer. Anyone in Erie wanna do this with me? We'll work something out...
I’m actually trying to eat healthier. So that means no more school food for me.
If I were to choose four items I could not live without they would be: spaghetti, my Olli Maatta bobblehead, my iPod, and The Last Song.
Does anyone know how the Pens feel about Johnston? I heard they don’t like his coaching style anymore.
I wanna personally thank the Boston Bruins for allowing the Pens the two points we needed to get into the playoffs.
I don’t think I’m gonna write another book because it’s gonna take up too much of my time.
I’m not liking this weather at all. I want the bad and snowy weather back.
I feel guilty about eating those brownies in 3rd period today. FML. I actually feel guilty about eating a lot of junk food. It makes me sad.
I wish losing weight was easy for me, but it’s not.
Hopefully by eating less I’ll lose some weight.
I’m going back and following most of the people who are following me. I’d feel bad if I didn’t.
I have never met a piece of bacon I did not like.
Why I don't eat Mexican food: it smells like dog shit.
Mexican food doesn't even smell good. I legit wanna throw up.
I'm hungry, but I'm not giving up because I'm fat and I need to lose weight.
Now I'm forced to be in a restaurant I don't wanna be in and I hate the smell all because the mall is closed now.
At least I won't get any more fat than what I already am by skipping out on dinner.
Remind me to never go out in public or do anything at all with my family because they just wanna make me miserable.
So now I'm in the mall crying because my family refuses to either take me home or to a restaurant I actually like.
I hate Mexican food and yet I'm taken to Mad Mex even though my family knows I hate Mexican food.
I don't know why I even try to get along with my family because all they do is make me feel like shit.
I might actually ride my bike this summer.
Brandon Sutter is my new spirit animal.
BRANDON SUTTER!!!!!
I wanna start eating healthier and be in better shape by the end of the year.
I ate an apple instead of Pop-Tarts. I'm so proud of myself for making a healthy food choice! Go me!
I need to get off my laptop. My eyes are screwy now, and have been for a little bit now.
@burghgirl1229 Thanks!
I hate not having a front-facing camera on my phone. If I did, I'd be a selfie whore.
My grades are right where I want them to be.
I need to check my grades.
If I don't think about bacon every day, something is wrong with me.
I’ve hated odd numbers for as long as I can remember. I like numbers that end in fives and tens. Is this weird?
BRANDON SUTTER!!!!!!
The only good thing about this Pens game so far: we're not losing.

But we're not winning either. Now I have a problem with this game.
I'm done unfollowing people and unfavoriting tweets for now.
My laptop is pissing me off again.
I wanna become Burgh Certified.
I'm unfollowing some people and unfavoriting some tweets.

Also, my laptop is finally deciding to cooperating with me.
FML. (Fuck my laptop.)
I don't even want another laptop after my current one goes. I'll just get a PC.

Remind me to never get another Asus laptop again because it's a shit laptop with crappy, slow Internet.
It's sad when your phone runs faster than your laptop, which is supposed to excellent.
My laptop if running unbelievable slow I'm about to throw it if it doesn't start running faster. Doesn't it know that I've got things to do?
I'm all about that salad. 
Bout that salad. 
No cold cuts. 
@RebeccaAmendola it didn't look fake because I've gotten good at faking things.
Math's all done. Now it's time to study for English.
@RebeccaAmendola I still have to tell my family about my liking the Knights, so I still have to fake it. I have no idea how to tell them.
Math homework on a Saturday sucks.
@RebeccaAmendola and how exactly do you know I was doing this?
Lettuce admire this beautiful piece of lettuce I had for lunch yesterday. 
Last night, though. 
The people of Orchard Park, New York are the true MVPs of America.
Chicken pot pie for lunch!
How should I tell me family that I'm actually a Knights fan?
I'm in a committed relationship with hockey.
Sleep is very important to me. I could sleep all the time if I didn't have things to do, people to see, and places to be.
The Flyers have been keeping golf courses open since 1975. #losing
Why I don’t plan on dating anyone: hockey. Hockey is more important to me. Hockey is my boyfriend.
Live and let hockey.
For some reason I enjoy playing online games just to waste time on the weekends.
I have no luck with guys. I’m done with them for the moment. Hockey is more important to me anyway.
I need to get a social life. But I highly doubt that because I’m not about that life.
The bubble game is the story of my life. If I fail at the bubble game, I fail at life.
The amount of man games the Pens have lost this season is unbelievable. It scares me a lot actually. So does how we've been playing lately.
I have a thing for hockey players. I also have a thing for Pop-Tarts and Doritos. Also Danishes. And a whole lot of other things too.
I’m fired up for the Otters game tonight. I’m fired up for it, and have been all week practically.
I think I may be on a Danish high right now. Watch out for me.
My book stockpile is slowly, but surely, dwindling. So that’s a good thing.
I was born to run
So Pittsburgh here I come.

Pittsburgh makes me emotional.
For some reason I really love the highways. They make me quite happy. Especially I-79.
@gimp71 @erieotterfans I will!
Anyone going to the Otters game tomorrow night? I need someone to squad with during the intermissions. Hit me up if you're interested.
What! He's got a girlfriend?!?! My life is over. Why do I always crush on guys I end up not being able to have?
The craziest songs I have on my iPod: All About That Rice and Dumb Ways to Die. Give them both a listen. You'll bust out laughing very hard.
JESSE MCCARTNEY'S BIRTHDAY IS TODAY!!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY, JESSE MCCARTNEY!!!!!
I wish I could stay up excessively late, but I can’t anymore because of my migraine medication. I just don’t have it in me anymore.
Taylor Swift Reveals Her Mother Andrea Has Cancer - ABC News 
I have trouble staying awake late at night.
@erieotterfans For me it's because of McDowell being renovated and starting school a week later than usual.
It’s not fair that we only got a couple days off for spring break. It’s called spring break and not spring weekend for a reason.
@gimp71 @erieotterfans !!!! I'm coming as my regular old self tomorrow night, though. The Hanson Sister went into retirement three weeks ago
@erieotterfans Only the people on Twitter know. Those people aren't on here. The Hanson Sister is done for good, so I'm coming as myself.
I say the Knights win this series in four.
I’m gonna be surprising a few of my friends tomorrow night by showing up at the Otters game unannounced. I'm so excited about it, though!
Olli Maatta and his brother look so much alike.
I’m #rampageous. Go San Antonio Rampage! Go Michael Houser! Let's go all the way to the Calder Cup this year!
Michael Houser is one of the Olli ones that Maatta to me.
I don't think anyone understands me on my level of crazy.
What I lack in height I more than make up in personality.
Girls who love hockey are not weird. They are a rare gift from God. Those girls get bigger rings! #the #absolute #truth #though
Keep calm and love ice hockey.
Hockey is awesome. Hockey is life. Hockey is love. Hockey is all you will ever need in life.
Eat. Sleep. Watch hockey.
Pens for life, though. Playoffs or no playoffs.
You’re more attractive if you like hockey.
Hockey is ballet performed on knives by passionate beasts. #passion
If you’re reading this, it’s too late for the Sabres. And Maple Leafs. And Penguins. And Oilers. And Flyers. The list could go on...
The Flyers aren’t very good.
Please don’t trade any of our good players. If you wanna trade people, trade Rutherford and Johnston. Please.
The Otters have filed for bankruptcy.

But on the bright side, Alex DeBrincat has been nominated for Rookie of the Year in the OHL. Go Alex!
I might take a video of me singing that song on Friday night, and then I’ll make sure to upload it on Saturday so you guys can see it.
That is honestly the most depressing song or parody of a song I’ve ever heard in my life. #truth
Is it sad that I’ve made a parody for the Penguins in the tune of a depressing Taylor Swift song? I think so.
Remi Elie accepted my friend request last night on Facebook!
Either you like hockey or you are wrong.
I don’t think I’ll be able to look at this the same now that I’m here without you, baby.
I’m suddenly becoming the part of your past that never lasts.
Everyone knows I’m in over my head, over my head.
I never knew, I never knew that everything was falling through. That everyone I knew was waiting on a cue.
I’m excited for Friday night! I’ll try to meet and take pictures with all of the London Knights. Not sure that’s gonna be possible.
I hope I can suffer through writing another book because I lose a considerable amount of my free time with it. But I'm still undecided.
I might get back into writing, but for now I’m only writing one book. If I decide to take it up again.
45 more days until graduation!
My school days are complete blow-offs. So can I just graduate now?
A win against Ottawa tonight, and the Pens are in the playoffs! Let's go!
Happy birthday, Pascal Dupuis!
Guess who's going to the Knights-Otters game Friday night? Me! I'm not going Thursday night because of school. 
I might go to an Otters game this round because they’re playing the Knights. But it would be on a weekend night. #battleready
Sondre Olden accepted my friend request on Facebook a couple of hours ago! I'm really excited about it!
That was a big win for the boys last night. Go Knights Go! #battleready
Be safe around trains.
LDN (5) - KIT (0)
VIDEO: 
#LDNvsKIT 
I am culturally uncultured.
@kmacassar Because it's true. Feminism needs to be left in the 1920s.
Feminism is a joke.
@kmacassar I wrote a bunch of them last year. But I haven't gotten any published.
What do guys know about being a girl?
Oh right, nothing.
I’d write another book, but I don’t need more things in my life. I’m trying to take things out of my life.
Just downloaded Make U Mine by @TheBrightonBoys on iTunes!
I can’t seem to get Michael Houser off of my brain.
I am not a nap person because I either go big or go home. Napping is neither one of those.
It looks like I’m going big with my life's goals because I’m not going home. I believe in the phrase "Go big or go home."
Still going through my friends list on Facebook, but I'm almost done with deleting some people I don't really care about.
I am forever alone.
Why am I so tired all the time? I mean no matter how much sleep I get at night I am forever tired.
What I like to think about: books, hockey, and food. Also sleep.
I’m getting tired of the Sabres losing all the time. They should be fined for the amount of losses they accumulate.
Oh wow. I just found out that the Pens already played today. We lost, so it's not like I'm mad at myself for not knowing we already played.
I'm rewarding myself for not eating Pop-Tarts late last night by eating them for lunch now.
Rice cakes taste like cardboard.
I should probably be productive with my day, but I know that's not gonna happen because I'm unmotivated today.
You have to be unbelievably skilled to play the bubble game.
I'm back to playing the bubble game because I have nothing else to do. I'd read, but I don't wanna go up to my room; I'm too lazy for that.
I always end up having problems with guys. Why do I even try talking to them in the first place?
To walk within the lines would make my life so boring.
Please just work for once, laptop. I shouldn't have to tell you again. Because if I do, I'm getting off.
I’m living my life to the beat of my own drummer.
Unfortunately my laptop is back to running slow again. How inconvenient.
Wow. Google Drive isn't working again. How inconvenient.
I barely listen to the radio anymore because my iPod has better music than all of the radio stations in Erie combined.
I wish there were actual things to watch on TV.
Wow. Now my laptop decides to start running faster. It would have been nice if it had actually been running fast all along.
My god. I swear if my laptop does not start cooperating with me I am going to throw it. I'd be so happy if it broke.
I thought laptops were supposed to actually work and not freeze up every time I wanted to do something.
Sometimes I get so weird I even freak myself out.
My laptop is seriously pissing me off. FML.
Dear laptop:

Cooperate with me because I break you on purpose.
I need things to do in school because I’m horrendously bored out of my mind.
Can today get any worse?
And my Facebook isn't loading.
Now Google Drive isn't working. How inconvenient.
I'd actually like to use my laptop, not wait for it to think if it wanna works.
Why must my laptop be running slow today?!?!
I'm so proud of myself. I didn't eat Pop-Tarts last night!
I miss winter already. Please come back snow... I love you.
You know what's sad? The fact that I ate less this week and I still gained a pound. I can barely fit into my size three jeans now. Ugh. FML.
Happy Easter everyone!
I'm tempted to eat Pop-Tarts.<WAVING HAND SIGN>
What am I getting myself into?
This is borderline creepy now.
I'm playing the bubble game because I have nothing better to do with my life right now.
Pittsburgh...
Geno's playing tomorrow. We finally get some good news!
My good mood is killed for the night because I had to talk on the phone when I wanted to listen to my iPod. I hate talking on the phone.
Basically don't bother me at all during the day unless I start a conversation with you, which is slim to none. I prefer to keep to myself.
I hate it when people disturb me while I listen to my iPod. It totally kills my mood for the rest of the day.
I'm hungry af, but dinner is about an hour away, so I can wait.
I can never find anything interesting to watch on TV. So I usually watch Forensic Files on HLN, which isn't bad. But it does get old.
Now I need to find something else to watch on TV...
@AdamIamscore Yeah, I'm not really a big fan of his. Never have been.
We're literally nothing without all of our big guns in the lineup. FML.
There is no life outside of hockey because hockey is life.
I feel like the Penguins should really clean house this summer and try to shake up the organization.
Is this just a bad dream or is this real life?
I'd say we're desperate.
@mpaul2573 Yes!
We're a desperate team right now.
That hit was intense.
I feel like I tweet too much. I need to get a life that does not revolve around hockey, food, and tweeting.
I'm unbelievably tired today.
Just one more goal and we can send this game into overtime and get at least one point. But two points would be optimal.
Bacon and I are meant to be soulmates.
I need to find someone who has the same passion for bacon and the Pens as I do.
Maybe we won't lose this game after all...
Wow. Fleury's in playoff form. Wow.
We need to get our act together.
I'm thinking our post-season is going to be either non-existent or very short.

Unless we can pull off some miracles.
This game has gotten quite embarrassing now.
Yep. We lost.
Steve Downie needs to stop taking stupid penalties. They're killing us.
@kmacassar Thanks!
I just hope we can get the W today...
I have no idea what to say.
I got a 98% on my last math test. That’s my highest math test score of all time!
I have a very bad feeling about the post-season right now... We lack consistency right now, We need to get our A-game back or we're doomed.
Can the Blue Jackets go back to sleep? Because I really want them to...
I'm just gonna go back to playing the Bubble Game and watching this game.
We've lost the game...
Well, there goes the game and my somewhat good mood...
Please don't lose this game...
@jack_ryan6 Yeah!
NO!!!!!!!!!!!
I feel like going through my closet and getting rid of some clothes, but I just don’t feel like it. And I still want most of them anyway.
I actually got mail for once!
If you wanna make me happy, take me to the Giant Eagle on Camp Horne Road in Pittsburgh.
I'm incapable of watching a hockey game without doing something else- like reading or being on social media. I find it strange.
SUTTER!!!!!
Sliding across the kitchen floor is a lot of fun. 
What is normal? I'm certainly not whatever this normal is.
Me this morning when I was contemplating putting on socks: I have to put my feet on.

I was clearly tired.
Wow. I can't believe it took 4.5 years for Crosby to net 300 goals.
Here we go again.
Crosby with goal number 301. Hell to the yeah.
I'm reading and watching the Pens game.
The sun is too bright.
I'm too busy being a Penguins fan to be in a relationship.
I'm playing the Bubble Game while watching the Pens game. Sue me.
What I ask myself on a daily basis: What is wrong with Zac Rinaldo? That answer will be the answer to my life.
Why did we not score on that play?!?!?!
Why are my feet still cold? I've got my slipper socks on!
I'm on a quest to clench championships for two teams. What fun.
I hate not having a week off for spring break like I did before.
I break tradition. Sometimes my tries are outside the lines. I can't live to not make mistakes. I am unwritten.
When you see me repping Pittsburgh, you'll know everything. 
And I know, I know they've all been talking about me; I can hear them whisper. And it makes me think there must be something wrong with me.
FLEURY!
3-6-1 in our last ten. Wow. That's pathetic. We need to get better if we expect to get anywhere in the post-season.
@kmacassar Yeah. I think the NHL is giving us a break because we can't control our injuries at this point.
I'm worried about the playoffs...
The salary cap is absolutely killing us right now.
Welcome to Pittsburgh. It’s been waiting for you.
I hope the Pens don't blow it today.
Like any great love, Pittsburgh keeps you guessing. Like any real love, it’s ever changing. Like any true love, it drives you crazy.
@kmacassar  No.
My feet are cold. 
I didn't get the job at Waldameer...
I feel like getting into my footsie pajama pants...
Skinny jeans today though. 
I wants food. I'm hungry af.
Dear Pens,

Win for once. I'm giving up on you.

Sincerely,

Caitlin Pontoriero
R.I.P. Elmer Lach.
Today just keeps getting worse. Just like every other day.
Waking up with a migraine is the worst.
Yeah, I won't be able to stay up all night. I'm just too tired. I've got my migraine medication to.blame because it makes Mr drowsy.
Some random hockey pictures. 
@TheBrightonBoys
This is legit me when I eat peanut butter off a spoon. 
I feel like protesting something, but just don't know what. 

Maybe I can protest dinner because no spaghetti...
@kmacassar It is.
I don't want country fried steak for dinner. I want spaghetti.
I'm gonna try to pull an all-nighter, reading tonight. Watch me fail horribly.
I’m in a meaningful relationship with Pop-Tarts and bacon.
If I wanted to douse myself in disappoint I would apply to the University of Pittsburgh Main Campus because their acceptance rate is 56%.
You know what else I hate? I hate living in Erie. I’m so ready to move to Pittsburgh.
I hate having migraines. Nothing works for them anymore.
My spirit sport: hockey.

My spirit teams: the Penguins and the Knights.

My spirit city: Pittsburgh.
My spirit food: Pop-Tarts and spaghetti.
My spirit song: Animals (Martin Garrix).
My spirit person: Kurtis MacDermid.
The amount of hair I pick up off my bedroom floor is unreal.
My retainers are my safety blanket.
I'm getting tired of reading romance novels. They're so predictable now.
I hate how my mom acts like I'm stupid. And she wonders why I'm always pissed at her.
My spirit animal: llama.
Steve Downie is only 28? I honestly though he was older...
Kasperi Kapanen is going to the Baby Pens! Yay!
My spirit band: Nsync. Even though I like the Backstreet Boys.
I also have slight obsessions for Michael Houser and Olli Maatta.
As you can tell, I have a slight obsession with the beautiful city of Pittsburgh.
@kmacassar I bet!
I even wanna learn how to talk like I’m from Pittsburgh.
I’m always in the mood to take a trip to Pittsburgh.
I wanna wish Steve Downie a very happy birthday!
I honestly have a playlist on my iPod full of songs that remind me of Pittsburgh.
But all the miles that separate us disappear now when I'm dreaming of your face.
If I could listen to the radio without static that'd be great.
I wanna forget what I’m told before I get too old.
I wanna waste time, chasing cars around my head.
@kmacassar Thanks!
I’m dedicated to being dedicated. I'm also passionate about being passionate.
I’m dedicated to the Penguins. For that I should be inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame.
I hope Waldameer hires me on Saturday. If they don't, I'm gonna be so mad.
Congrats Sidney Crosby on 300 goals!
I wanna go down in history and I want history teachers to talk about me for centuries to come. I want everyone in the world to know my name.
Finding people to unfriend on Facebook is harder than I thought it would be.
@kmacassar Possibly.
Mornings are rough for me.
@kmacassar I do sleep! I'm just perpetually tired, I guess.
I’m so tired today.
@kmacassar Teen romance novels. Hockey books. Nicholas Sparks. I've already read all of Sarah Dessen's books.
I feel like binge reading this weekend.
Finally getting through that stack of books I've had for months. Only 8 more to go. It's taking a bit longer than expected, but that's fine.
SPAGHETTI IS MY SPIRIT FOOD!
So are Pop-Tarts...
Mitchell Marner is the true MVP of all of Ontario after last night's big performance.
Why am I following Henrik Lundqvist, you may ask? Because I can and I kinda wanna...
I can never think of anything to tweet while I'm on Twitter. I always come up with a list of tweets whenever I'm not on here...
Yay! I'm having spaghetti for dinner! I'm excited! I love spaghetti! I could eat it all the time and never get tired of it.
@kmacassar Yeah. I admit they are pretty good players. Much to my dismay...
@kmacassar True. True.
@kmacassar Same here! They've been bad most of my life and now they're getting good!
@kmacassar It's like they decided to get good when I became the sole Indians fan in my family.
I should actually listen to people’s advice. It would save me a lot of grief. It would be quite useful if you really think about it.
Not having anything to do in school sucks.
@kmacassar Me too! I almost finished a book in school today, but that's happened to me on several occasions.
@kmacassar No they're not. Pirates have been a bad team for most of my life.
I hate finishing books in school and not having a backup with me.
@kmacassar Erie. It's like two hours north of Pittsburgh.
@kmacassar Yeah.
Wow. Just wow. Now I’m being friend zoned.
@kmacassar Yes!
@kmacassar Yeah!
@kmacassar Maybe.
Just thinking about Pittsburgh makes me emotional for some reason.
@kmacassar I could, but I'm too lazy.
The Pirates are the only thing about Pittsburgh that I don’t like.
I’m ready for #tribetober. I want it here already.
Why am I so hungry all the time when I do absolutely nothing? It makes no sense whatsoever. It's like I can't even stay full half the time.
Gym class is the only thing keeping me from gaining a million pounds. But sadly it ends for me on Tuesday…
YOLO will forever be relevant because you only live once.
I'm caring less and less about Facebook with each passing day.
Maybe I should just give everyone on Facebook my number so we can keep in contact that way.
The only reason I’ll keep Facebook is so I can keep up with people who don’t have Twitter. Which is annoying because I'm tired of Facebook.
@87and66 Yeah. Thanks!
Why can't I transplant my stomach fat elsewhere on my body? There are other places I'd rather it be...
I need to stop eating so much and actually get in shape. I always say this, but it just never happens.
@87and66 My dad's dropping me off at 6:30 am and not picking me up until 5:30 since I'm living at home and commuting to and from school.
Happy 87th birthday, Gordie Howe!
Food is standing in the way of me losing weight for prom. Which by the way, eating food is probably my biggest passion in life.
I get to pull 11-hour school days in college. What fun. I'm so excited. *sarcasm*
I just want senior year to be over already. I’m just being babysat.
@AlexBurgh88 I'm might shut mine down, but I don't think I'll do it because I wanna keep in touch with people who aren't on here.
@kmacassar Yeah.
@kmacassar I've been cleaning out my friends list the last couple days because I just don't care anymore.
I'm losing interest in Facebook, but gaining more of an interest in Twitter. I spend more time on here than on Facebook.
@kmacassar Definitely!
@kmacassar Yeah. And he's got that massive contract that I don't think any other team wants to take on...
They should make a movie about my life and call it Fifty Shades of Caitlin because I have fifty different personalities. Literally.
@kmacassar Yeah. I've seen a lot of that kind of thing on Facebook. It's making me kinda edgy anyway.
@kmacassar Yeah.
I enjoy spring cleaning because it's fun.
I need to get some more bad apples out of my life… They're only bringing me down...
I can’t ask for Indians and Kennywood tickets for graduation because they’re not helping me with college? I wanna have fun before college.
Dear Penguins:

Do not trade Crosby for the #1 pick. I will hate you forever. I do not want McDavid on my team.

End of story.

That is all.
Remind me to never ask my siblings for advice because they’re gonna yell at me. Like wanting things other than money for graduation.
The fact that I always want food is sad.
@kmacassar It is. But I'm almost done. I've cleaned out the list pretty good, actually.
Another consistent thing about me is the fact that I always want food. That will never change. No matter the circumstance. Period.
The consistent things about me are my tiredness, hockey, and the fact I've got a book with me wherever I go. Unless it's to a hockey game.
I could probably sleep forever and still be tired. Who's with me?
@kmacassar I'm clearing out my friends list on one of my social media sites.
I need to take a break from my productivity, but it'll begin again in the next couple of hours. My mind is frazzled at the moment.
There's nothing like a lazy Sunday afternoon.
I'm takin' care of business.
Actually, I am being productive on my laptop. I had no idea that this would be possible.
Or maybe not because I just turned my laptop on.
I think I'm actually gonna do something with my day.
The Penguins better win tonight. Or else.
I need to try to be productive with my day, but sadly I don't think that's going to happen.
I don't feel like getting up and doing something.
You are wrong if you like One Direction.
I'm one of the seven wonders of the world.
My passions in life: reading, trying to get a job, hockey, and unhealthy foods. Also sleeping.
Why is no one hiring me? Like seriously I need the money and college ain't payin' for itself!
I'm glad Letang seems to be fine.
Daniel is in it to Winnik. So am I.
Maybe I'm not feeling a lot better.
I'm feeling a lot better now.
I think sometimes I eat just because I'm bored and have nothing better to do with my time.
All I really need is for someone who understands and cares about me. Unfortunately I do not have that right now in my life.
It sucks when no one understands you and where you coming from.
I've come to realize that I don't do well in social situations. Social anxiety much?
My feet are cold.
@Pens_Fan that's Ramis Sadikov...
I wish I could stay away from drama, but I seem to attract me.
I want highly fattening foods, but I'm resisting the urge.
Apparently I like watching shows about gypsies.
I really need these two guys right now... 
Dorm life is not for me.
I feel like no one understands where I'm coming from with having been the Hanson Sister.
I'm not ready to move on from being the Hanson Sister. I still wanna be that person even though it's only going to hurt even more in the end
I'm back home from a failed attempt at spending a night in a dorm room. But on the bright side the Pens won!
I'm not really enjoying this dorm life scene.
It's 7 on a Saturday morning and I'm already up. Ugh. #fututecollegestudent
I need my glasses to find my glasses.
Olli Maatta is my better half. I wanna have a meaningful relationship with him. We're gonna get married too! He just doesn't know it yet...
I am #Maattastrong.
@Steeler_girl58 You're welcome!
My future husband! 
But I keep cruising
Can't stop, won't stop moving
It's like I got this music
In my mind, saying it's gonna be alright
In a world like this where people fall apart. In a time like this where nothing comes from the heart. In a world like this, I've got you.
In a world like this where some back down, I know we're gonna make it. In a time like this where love comes round I know we're gonna take it
You've got me wide open, wide open.
Now I'm yours.
You found me heartbroken, heartbroken
On the floor.
Waking up before 7 am any day of the week should be illegal.
I wish I had my own personal watch dog.

Oh wait, I've actually got a few of them. But I just choose to ignore them. Now that's a bad idea.
Only five more days of third quarter! And only ten more weeks of senior year!
The fine line between love and hate is one negative comment about the Penguins and Olli Maatta.
In the end, people will judge you anyway. So don't live your life impressing others. Live your life impressing yourself.
I wish I could turn back the clock. I'd find you sooner and love you longer.
I'll be at Mercyhurst all day Saturday. And I'll be staying the night as well.
I've been thinking about my life today. I either wanna go into athletic training or physician's assistant once I get out of Mercyhurst.
Baby you're all I want when you're lying here in my arms.
I hate it when my phone acts up on me.
I'm a boring person living a boring life in a boring town.
I hate technology.
Can high school graduation get here any slower?
Yay. I'm getting myself set up for a freshman orientation at Mercyhurst University right now. What fun.
Got a long list of ex-lovers. They'll tell you I'm insane. Cause you know I love the players. And you love the game.
So it's gonna be forever or it's gonna go down in flames. You can tell me when it's over. If the high was worth the pain.
This trainwreck is going to end in complete disaster. But I don't care because I really wanna be a part of it when the train wrecks.
I would so totally do this! 
This is so true on so many different levels... :( 
I’m ready to party like it’s 1948 this summer. #tribe #nation #Cleveland #Indians
Whatever happened to the American Dream? I was born to run. Pittsburgh here I come. I’m getting out of here, baby.
Sometimes you have to fall to have it all. Sometimes the underdogs will rise and the mighty will fall.
Why did Jack leave Diane 30 years ago?
I’ll do anything to make a name for myself. I wanna be remembered for centuries. But I don’t want a lame claim to fame.
Everything we have is a twisted paradise. Nothing is the way it used to be.
The world is spinning too fast for you and me. But let’s live and die before we get old.
Yes! 
I’m not crazy, I’m just a little unwell. If you stay awhile, you’ll see a different side of me.
I know people talk about because I hear their voices. But I don’t care what they say because they don’t know me and what they say is a lie.
Soon enough, you’ll think of me and how I used to be. 
This is so me! I clock in at 5'1" or 5'2" on a good day. 
I would seriously cry if a guy ever said this to me... 
Jonathan Roy’s music motivates me. If you haven’t heard of him, check him out because he’s really good.
I’ll fly high and I’ll run by and I’ll live by you.
I really wanna meet Mike Lange one day! I'm so proud of Langie! Pens Honor HOF Lange for 40 Years of Service. 
I don’t want my dreams to run by me. So I’m going to make the most of my life.
Wow. Craig Adams was actually productive last night. And the Pens still lost... Maybe we should trade Adams?
I like you, but I have no idea how to tell you. But I like you.
I'm finally up to 900 following. 100 more and I reach a goal for this year!
You are the universe and there ain't nothing you can do about it.
I remember when I was 17 and far from in-between. 
Girls in my generation have no respect for themselves anymore. Like, that's just sad.
I'm either dreaming big or I'm going home. There's just no in between.
But I know this crush ain't going away.
Do you catch a breath when I look at you? Are you holding back like the way you do? Cause I'm trying to walk away.
Do you ever think all that we could be? Where this could go? Am I crazy or falling in love? Is it real or just another crush?
The Pens are my declaration. Lemieux’s my inspiration. As I stand alone against the world.They stole my soul to set me free.
I hate the fact that I basically have no idea what I’m doing. Or what I’m trying to do anyway. I hope I can figure out what I'm doing soon.
I hate when people don’t text me right back. Like, that’s the whole reason why I texted you: so you can reply back to me promptly.
I’m being sent mixed messages. At least I think I am... But I'm not certain.
I’ve only been in this situation once before, and it went horribly wrong. I’m just hoping that this time does not go horribly wrong.
I wanna eat dinner in the bathtub.
Now I have nothing to worry about.
OMGeno. This is so true. 
I need to calm down and stop being so rash.
This is scary.
Think I'm done cleaning out the following list. That was easy.
Just cleanin' out the following list again.
Okay, now that was funny.
I'd like to congratulate myself for being such a dumbass right now.
Why do I always fall for a guy I can't have? This is so unfair.
*face palm* I should've looked him up on Facebook before now. *face palm*
‘Cause the possibility that you would ever feel the same way about me. It's just too much, just too much.
Baby you showed me what living is for. I don't wanna hide anymore.
You lift my feet off the ground. You spin me around. You make me crazier, crazier. Feels like I'm falling and I am lost in your eyes.
I love two-page math tests. They’re the best.
My hair has decided to deflate for once. #Deflategate
Is it time to go to sleep yet because I'm beyond tired right now?
Now if we're talking body
You got a perfect one, so put it on me
Swear it won't take you long
I'm walking down this road no one's ever been down before, trying to make a name of myself.
I'm sipping Coke from a solo cup. Donut crumbs are upon my lips.
I'm waking up in Cheeto dust. My belly's covered with pizza crust. I'm using my inhaler now. I'm out of shape, fattening up.
I'm exhausted today. I have no idea why because I got nine hours of sleep last night. Oh, the struggle.
I already want next weekend here...
This weekend went by way too fast. I authorize it to rewind and go by slower.
Well, that was quite the animated Skype conversation.
You know the Flyers suck when they lose to the Oilers. That's embarrassing.
It's amazing how much my life has changed since I started high school four years ago. I didn't think I'd be where I am now four years ago.
Keep calm and hate the Flyers
I truly hate these late starting Penguins games. Like, don't they understand that I actually wanna sleep?
My feet are so cold.
I want my bed so bad right now...
@apoptosian it is.
I wanna go dancing with Lord Stanley...
@apoptosian It's okay. I figure if I stay on my phone for the rest of the game, I can stay awake.
@apoptosian I'm not yet old enough to consume alcohol...
I think Ben Lovejoy helped bring us back in this game.
The struggle yo stay awake is real.
WE ARE IN THE LEAD!!!
I REPEAT, WE ARE IN THE LEAD!!!
Daniel is in it to Winnik!
FINALLY! A goal! I'll take it any way.
I swear the Pens are tanking for McDavid right now..,
@Pens_Fan I have no idea where the goals are.
@Pens_Fan they've been sucking for five games now.
@Pens_Fan Yes!
@Pens_Fan and the sad part is that he doesn't even know it...
Olli Maatta is my better half.
BEN LOVEJOY!
What's it going to take for us to win a game?
These late night Pop-Tart cravings are killing me. 
I'm so comfortable right now... 
The PensPoints code on Root Sports for tonight is KEYSTONE.
Announce the PensPoints already!
Pens pre-game is on, a good book by my side, and a glass of water. <HEAVY CHECK MARK> My night is complete. Now if only the Pens would win for once.
I'm getting too many books and not reading them fast enough!
Happy birthday Dan Potash! <HEAVY CHECK MARK>
I hate not having a front-facing camera on my phone.
I can't take good selfies to save my life... <FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND COLD SWEAT><FACE SCREAMING IN FEAR><FEARFUL FACE><ANGUISHED FACE><SPLASHING SWEAT SYMBOL><DROPLET><THUMBS DOWN SIGN>
Whenever my hair is straight, I can never stop playing with it
I got more books this afternoon! That really lifted my spirits.
I live in a small town and a lonely world. I prefer living in a lonely world, though. I'm used to it.
Fake it till you make it.
Calamity and death happen to those who hide from life and to those who squeeze every drop of zest from it.
Let life be an adventure. Live your life to the fullest, unfettered by fear of what might occur.
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Don’t change to make someone love you, be yourself and let the right one fall for you.
The past can hurt, but the way I see it; you can either run from it or learn from it. - The Lion King.
If you try, you risk failure. If you don’t, you ensure failure.
You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, love like you'll never be hurt, and sing like there's nobody listening.
Live life to the fullest because each day is not a guarantee. Live life without regrets. Regrets are only going to bring you down.
Don’t be afraid to give yourself everything you’ve ever wanted in life.
A good life is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot, and realize how blessed you are.
Be remembered for something that you’re proud of, not something that will only bring you down.
Don’t be afraid of what comes next; be afraid of what you’re leaving behind.
Life’s what you make it. So let’s make it rock!
Instead of being ashamed of what you’ve been through, be proud of what you have overcome.
I really thought 2015 had potential to be “my year” but we’re three months in and that ship has sailed. So I’ll try again for 2016.
Pay attention to your gut feelings. No matter how good something looks, if it doesn’t feel right walk away.
You learn more about someone at the end of a relationship than at the beginning.
Today's just not my day, I guess.
This is how I feel today. 
This rainy weather got me like... 
I'm not feeling it today. Thanks Mom for ruining my day,
Marc-Andre Fleury is the true MVP of Piitsburgh 
I hope you enjoy never talking to me again, Mom, once I move out.
I'm not the happy person everyone thinks I am. I'm the complete opposite.
I'm so ready to move out because my mom always takes her anger our on me when I did absolutely nothing to her.
Mornings are always brutal for me.
I think Joel Wigle blocked me from Instgram. How rude. That's in quite poor taste.
I like the universe.
Now it's time to watch 19 Kids and Counting since nothing else is on.
My Friday night: a charging laptop (which I didn't think was even dead), my phone, a couple books, and Forensic Files on HLN.
To clear up any confusion, I am in a love-hate relationship with the Otters. I like some of the players; but not always the team itself.
@Kkwolf226Wolf <SMILING FACE WITH OPEN MOUTH AND SMILING>
@Kkwolf226Wolf McDavid, Mayo, Fergus. But they do cyberschool second semester, so I haven't seen them in school in a while.
@Kkwolf226Wolf Yeah, a few of them.
@Kkwolf226Wolf Yeah. I've gone to school with a bunch of them.
@Kkwolf226Wolf I know I can confusing at times. I'm kinda in a love-hate relationship with the Otters.
@Kkwolf226Wolf Kurtis gets me pumped up. And I'm Facebook friends with guys who play on other OHL teams too.
@Kkwolf226Wolf I know it is. Kurtis is also my spirit animal.
@Kkwolf226Wolf Yeah. Kinda.
@Kkwolf226Wolf kinda sorta
@AdamIamscore I'm giving them another season and if they don't deliver, I want Coach and GM out.
@Kkwolf226Wolf I like Kurtis too.
@Pgh8710 yeah
@Pgh8710 Exactly! I'm getting tired of them!
If you stop telling your friends everything, your enemy wouldn’t know so much.
Every guys thinks every girls’ dream is to find the perfect guy. Pssh. Every girls’ dream is to eat without getting fat.
The people at McDowell are such hypocrites.
If you like Prep, something is wrong with you. I'm sure the kids who go to Prep don't even like Prep. They just don't wanna attend McDowell.
I am seriously doubting the decisions Johnston and Rutherford are making.
Why do Johnston and Rutherford keep making bonehead decisions? They've been making bonehead decisions since day one.
My hips are so messed up that I wouldn’t be surprised if I need a double-hip replacement by my 30th birthday.
I hate the mornings. They are not kind to me. I’m more of a night person.
I’m happier being single than I am dating a guy.
My senior year of high school has been a joke so far. It'll probably be a joke straight through the end too. I'm completely fine with that.
Can I just graduate high school already?
My migraines need to stop. They’re getting old. Really old.
Johnston clearly has no idea what he’s doing. He has no NHL experience before this season.
I hope Rutherford is only a temporary GM.
Does anyone else think that Johnston and Rutherford have no idea what they’re doing?
I’ve been known to waste an entire Saturday night just BSing with myself. This is a lot more fun than it actually sounds…
I have problems falling asleep because my mind refuses to shut off. #typical
You know what I've come to realize? I have no life experiences outside of hockey. Is this a problem? I'm thinking it kinda is...
Still need to get into shape for prom. And sadly unhealthy food is constantly calling my name. But I'm hoping to get better in that regard.
Say you'll remember me standing in a nice dress, staring at the sunset. Say you'll see me again even if it's just in your wildest dreams.
I'm still catching up on the books I got back in December. It'll take me another month or 2 to finish them all. I think I have 5 or 6 left.
I am also single because I do not like being in relationships.
I have decided to follow ten people a day.
The two reasons why I hate gym class:

1. It puts me in a bad mood.

2. It gives me a migraine.
My stomach is sore.
I hate cramps.
This is me. 
I am a word warrior. Plain and simple.
Follow me on Instagram: @TheHansonSister! I follow back too!
17 Things To Expect When You Date A Girl Who’s Used To Being On Her Own. This is true. 
I'm gonna try to get some pictures on my cameras uploaded over the next few weeks. Starting next week. But I can't promise anything.
I'm amused by this. 
It's been 1,095 days (3 years, 1 day) since you left, Rammer. I still sleep with your signed, game-worn jersey that I own. I miss you.
All I need in life: good books, a bookstore nearby, hockey, Olli Maatta, my iPod, and my laptop. That is all.
I wanna go to Europe for college. Paying for a college education that's needed to get you anywhere is unfair.
Being away from Pittsburgh makes me sad...
English is way too easy.
Fire Johnston.
I'm giving up on you.

Thomas Greiss, why must you lose?
Applying for jobs is getting a little old.
Ugh. The volleyball unit in gym starts on Monday. I'm afraid of balls flying at my face; I was hit in the face by a basketball when I was 7.
This is borderline creepy now...
I'm in two private conversation on Facebook right now... This has never happened before, so this is interesting.
Pothole season is all year round in Pennsylvania! And I absolutely abhor it...
Pothole dodging should be a competitive sport in Pennsylvania... I'd love playing that because I play it all the time when I'm driving.
I spend entirely way too much time on here. Should I be scared, worried, or concerned? Or all three emotions? It's so hard to decide...
Hopefully I can stop changing my Twitter bio because it's really getting on my nerves...
Apparently Ovechkin took a hard slap shot to the nuts. Now that's gotta hurt.
It'll be interesting to see if anyone recognizes me next season at Otters games since I won't be wearing the Hanson Sister get-up...
But I know I'll get through this because I'm a fighter, not a quitter. I'm not backing down from this.
I know that if I don't quit the Hanson Sister now, I'll never be able to do it. So it's kinda for the best right now.
It's gonna be hard to give up the Hanson Sister, but it's what I have to do. I know that I'll be able to get through this eventually.
I'm gonna try to keep myself busy over the next couple months so I won't be able to think negative thoughts.
I've met many great people and made great memories over the last four years. I wouldn't trade either of those for anything in the world.
What is normal?
I'll still try to get out to to some Otters games next season, but just not as many as before. School and work come first.
The struggle of realizing that the Hanson Sister ear has come to an end is also brutal...
#truth 
The struggle of reality is brutal...
Is it possible for something that brought you so much joy to also bring you so much pain?
Took me only five million tries, but I finally updated my profile pictures on here.
This game is a joke.
#domination
@MegaHockeyGirl3 Exactly!
@MegaHockeyGirl3 Yeah. It's not like you have to upload pictures of yourself on Twitter.
@MegaHockeyGirl3 It's like if you don't want anone following you on Twitter, then don't have one.
@MegaHockeyGirl3 Yeah. Social media is all about connecting with people, not making sure that you don't connect with them.
I hate it when people have private social media accounts. Isn't the whole point of social media that your account is public and not private?
I've already lost 3 friends because of liking the Knights. Just because I don't like the Otters doesn't mean you can't be friends with me.
Should I tell the Otters' players about not liking their team anymore tonight? I really don't know if I should.
Can't believe tonight is my last Otters game as the Hanson sister before she goes into retirement.
Two weeks until I go back to Mercyhurst University for another campus tour! And I'm staying overnight as well!
My laptop, Say Yes to the Dress, and an afternoon. What a day. 
This Pens game is a joke. An absolute joke.
I got "You are Pop Star Taylor Swift!" on "Which Taylor Swift Are You?" What about you? This is a surprise. 
Quite the awesome lunch. Bagel, bacon, and blueberry Pop-Tarts. 
Me and the boys last night. 
Oh god. Just checked the Pens game and my bad feeling has just been confirmed.
Why do I have a bad feeling about this Pens game even though I'm not watching it? I'm scared.
Two wrongs do not make a right.
Tried driving through seagulls. Failed horribly because I didn't wanna hurt any of them; I'd be a basket case for the rest of the day.
This is my big announcement. I've been a London Knights fan since Saturday, March 17, 2012. 
Can graduation get here any slower? I really wanna get out of high school and go down this road that is slightly overgrown.
If the Pens ever trade Downie, this is what I'm going to say: Trade Downie for what? A bag of pucks?
54 minutes till my big announcement!
Look what I got signed last night! 
We are closing in on my big announcement! I don't want this to be the way that the Hanson Sister era to end, but it's the only way.
My bacon was perfect.
@sweetbilly_boy @PenguinsWorId Greiss has no consistency. He makes some big saves, but lets in more soft goals.
The TV just randomly turned off. I'm scared.
I can't wait for Greiss to be traded.
Trade Greiss and call up Matt Murray. It's not really that hard to do.
I like the name Bernadette.
I'm in it to Winnik.
I'm excited to be eating bacon tonight!
We need to tie this game up. Like, solve Rask.
Everyone give @TrojansOnline a follow!
I wish I could go back to being 17...
I love skinny jeans if anyone cares...
Happy birthday, Albert Einstein!
No Crosby sucks.
This #Pens game is #strange so far. I'm scared...
I feel like Craig Adams is one of the Black Aces now...
Please don't be injured, Malkin.
We're just under 24 hours away from my big announcement!
@SandiJ1982 Indeed. I'm glad.
Wow. The Flyers are currently in 23rd place. Talk about losing. #LOSERS
Happy ultimate PI day people! 3.14.15
About to call my best friend since kindergarten! He lives in Denver and I haven't talked with him since last July.
I love how I'm unfollowing a bunch of people. So long as you don't unfollow me or are following me, I will not unfollow you.
DOUGLAS MURRAY! I miss that brick wall of a man... Pens please bring him back in the off-season. I would really enjoy it.
I'm all about that rice, 'bout that rice, no egg roll.
This is an actual song. If you don't believe me, just Google it.
I hope Tuukka Rask plays like Swiss cheese tomorrow afternoon...
It's my life. It's now or never. I'm never backing down.
I'm not looking forward to the volleyball unit in gym...
Never doubt me because I'll prove you wrong every single time.
Here's one last hint about my big announcement on Sunday: green and gold are this hockey team's colors.
I wish I wasn't stuck with the most overused girls' name of the '90s...
I'm surprised the Oilers even got four goals last night...
I'm the complete opposite of what my family stands for. And I'm completely okay with that... I am who I am and I'm not changing for anyone.
Damn right. 
Oh wow. The Belleville Bulls are being relocated to Hamilton, Ontario. This is a shocker. Maybe now Toronto will want an OHL team...
This is so cute... 
Nothing else needs to be said. 
Unfornately, this is me a lot of the time. Always falling about at the seams... 
This is right. 
They say marijuana is good for you. I'm not believing that. It should only be used for medicinal purposes. 
I want winter back.

#ridetherosen
I've done this with a lot of people in my family and two people I thought were my "best friends." 
I do support gay rights before LGBT people are humans too. 
Happens all the time. 
What goes around comes around.
Yeah, I meant Connor McDavid in that last tweet. My bad.
When you call me a d-bag for calling Connor a d-bag, don't expect me to like you anymore, because I won't. Not even if I'm related to you.
Exercise makes me get bad migraines and turns me into super-bitch. Yeah, it's pretty obvious how much I hate gym class and exercise.
I see grass and I'm not liking it. Grass go away and bring back snow- and lots of it.
God. I can't stand my mother. She is the exact reason why I'm moving out of Erie and never coming back.
I should start doing this. Who's with me? 
If you do not like Taylor Swift, you are morally and politically incorrect.
This describes me perfectly. 
This is the truth! 
This sad, but true. 
Yes! Pens fans favorite and retweet because this is the truth! 
When's this kid getting called up to The Show? I really wanna see what he can do with the Pens. 
Yes. Oh, yes. 
This kid's gonna go far in the NHL. 
I love fighting in hockey, so I never change the channel. Fighting is a necessary evil in the lovely sport of hockey. 
I should totally do this! 
Why can't I have a send-off at school even though I don't participate in a sport?
Oh my. I am speechless... 
Can Matt Murray be called up to The Show yet? I have more faith in that kid than I do in Greiss...
#supportbrandtbauer
Seriously? My mom's trying to get me to schedule a hair appointment for prom. It's two months away and I'm not concerned about it just yet.
Kids at McDowell can't have nice things.
I can't wait to graduate high school in June... It'll be the best day of my life.
Can Matt Murray finally be called up to the big leagues? I shouldn't have to ask again... Because if I do, that's just plain sad...
Yep. Me every year. 
I'm unexpectedly downloading music on iTunes...
This is so true... 
Yes. 
The Pens played last night. I had no idea until I checked Facebook. I wouldn't have been able to watch it because it was a 10 pm start.
Some random guy tried friend requesting me on Facebook. Yeah. No. I don't even know who you are, so why should I accept your friend request?
Yep. 
@mattmurray_30 is one of my new favorite hockey players.
@SandiJ1982 I've been getting them a lot for the last two years. I've gotten used to it too.
If I were to not go to school because of a migraine, I'd never be able to go to school...
@SandiJ1982 I've honestly had the same migraine for the last month or so. It really sucks.
@AdamIamscore My friend works at the place that's always hiring, so I'll talk to her tomorrow during first block and see what she says.
Woke up with a crappy migraine and still have it.
I'm trying to apply at Wendy's, and the website's saying that none are hiring in Erie. What?! The one on 12 and Pittsburgh is always hiring.
Today marks the 22nd anniversary of the day that the Pens started on their 17-game winning streak.
Whenever I hear a song that reminds me of Pittsburgh, I'm sad because I wanna live there so bad and I'm not there yet. But I'll live there.
Geno's like: Hi, my name is Geno and I am puck now. 
I have nothing to lose and everything to prove. Maybe I have a little to lose, but that's entirely beside the point right now.
Well, it looks like it's time to clean out my following list...
Feminism should be left in the 1920s.
Who even writes with numbers? I didn't know we were seven again. Grow up already.
Can we please stop with the #internationalwomensday or whatever it is? It's annoying and getting on my nerves. I cannot stand feminism.
Anything over freezing is simply too warm for me. I like my cold weather.
If you don't like my tweets, then don't follow me. It's as simple as that. If you unfollow me, I will find out who you are and unfollow you.
This is probably what they say, but I have no idea because I'm a Pens fan. 
Well, it looks like my memes will be making a comeback...
Nothing'll be the same once my big announcement comes out. I wanna apologize in advance to the people who'll be affected by this. I'm sorry.
270 more PensPoints till I can get my 8×10 picture of Olli Maatta!
This is too funny. 
I got my prom dress!
Follow me on Instagram: @The_Hanson_Sister!
I'm about to go to Europe to get a free college education. Why should I pay for a college education when it's needed to get you anywhere?
If a friendship lasts longer than seven years, it's said that it'll last a lifetime.
One more week until my big announcement comes out! Here's another hint for ya: What they pulled on the ice, that's winning.
I'm proud to be one of Marc-Andre Fleury's fans! 9th shutout on the season! Let's go make him the MVP for the season in the league. #MVP
Night everyone!
ROOT Pregame: HELMET
WXDX Radio: MARCH
ROOT Postgame: MARIO

#Pens #SpringAhead
The Malkin backhand.
Me when Downie is traded: Trade Downie for what? A bag of pucks?
All I want right now is to crawl into bed and sleep for a week straight.
I'm stayin' awake, stayin' awake. Ah, Ah, Ah, I'm stayin' awake!
We'll, these are some pretty embarrassing pictures of me from Christmas. 
@JSabuto Budweiser Gardens. Sorry I didn't get back to you sooner; I didn't see it right away.
I'm struggling to stay awake.
So long as I stay on my phone for the next hour or so, I should be able to stay awake.
Hopefully I'll be able to stay awake for the rest of this Pens game... My eyes are starting to get droopy.
Keep on dreaming, dreamer.
I'm gonna keep on dreaming because that's what I'm good at.
I'm so exhausted right now. I could probably sleep for days.
BEN LOVEJOY!!!!!! 
Soon as I hit the BWG, I look at the fans' faces and I know I belong with them. Another hint for my big announcement.
I'm making a new parody for my big announcement!
People need to understand that I'm allowed to have hopes and dreams for the future and that they need to respect that.
I'll laugh at you if Olli Maatta shows up at my prom. You don't believe he won't show up, but I believe. I'm holding out hope he'll come.
I'm literally gonna show up at prom alone. Just to spite you. Because that's how I roll. How do you like them apples?
Tried red velvet Pop-Tarts today. Not too shabby. Check em out! 
I hate how my family brings me down. I can't wait to get out of Erie and prove them all wrong.
I hate it when people tell me that my dreams won't come true. Like, I'm not even allowed to dream even if they don't come true?
I think I found my prom dress! I just need to buy it! 
#letangfornorris
Patric is the Duck Hunter!
I spoke too soon. Now all I wanna do is sleep.
I'm not even anywhere near being tired right now...
Dammit Greiss!
It's midnight and I'm still up. How is this even happening right now? Oh yeah, the Pens!
28 goals for the Malkshake!
I've been cold all night.
Patric again!
Patric!
What a goal!
Why do I always get urges to eat Pop-Tarts late at night? 
Happy birthday to Daniel Winnik!
I need 290 more PensPoints to get my Olli Maatta picture! I am determined to get that!
I think I have a new guy obsession... Michael Houser is hot af.
I have a passion for bacon...
Ugh. My left foot is falling asleep. I hate this.
Applying for a job at Barnes and Noble!
If the weather in Erie tomorrow decides to cooperate, I'm going prom dress shopping! Weather in Erie cooperating never happens. Sadly.
Seriously, though! Why not? 
I'm really excited to be spending a night at Mercyhurst University at the end of the month!
I'll have to do damage control starting once my announcement comes out. I have no idea just how much damage control I'll have to do.
This is the story of my life right here... 
@AdamIamscore I hope the Oilers also don't ruin Darnell Nurse because he's also a damn good player.
@AdamIamscore Yeah. That might take some time. I wonder if he'll turn out like Yakupov. Good in major junior, but gets ruined in the NHL.
@AdamIamscore I think he's gonna have a hard time breaking in because he's not used to playing against guys like Downie and Chara.
And this is why I don't wear make-up at all. 
This is legit McDowell right here... 
What team won the Cup when you were born? The 96 Avs won it 6 months before I was born. 
I do not know what I am saying right now...
For some strange reason, I keep wanting to change my bio. I don't know.
I'm kinda nervous about revealing my big announcement because a lot of people are going to be surprised. I mean, really surprised.
Here's a hint about my big announcement: #battleready.
Ten or eleven more days until my big announcement comes out!
This is absolutely priceless. 
I'm weird. I'm not sure if anyone's noticed that yet, but I'm weird. Just throwing it out there...
I'm excited to get back on this @RevLovejoy6 Train! I'm so excited!
Actually, I am beyond glad that Ben Lovejoy is back, but I'm gonna miss Borts and Simon.
I'm kinda glad that Ben Lovejoy is back... I've always loved his last name...
Retweet 
I really wish I could live in Pittsburgh. I am lost whenever I'm not in Pittsburgh.
I am forever goal. Always remember that.
@AdamIamscore Yeah. I swear, the guy's not used to winning, so he wants to put together a crappy team. And it's not fair.
@AdamIamscore I don't like some of the moves he made, especially the ones over the summer...
I found out today prom is the day after what I originally thought it was. I'm gonna email the Pens about Olli Maatta maybe coming to my prom
Does Rutherford even know what he's doing?
I don't want spring! Why can't winter stay?
Seriously, though. I am sick and tired of hearing all about that damn dress, which is proven to be blue and black. 
Just found this on Facebook, and I really enjoy it. 
I've had the same migraine since yesterday... It really sucks...
I hate Erie. I can't wait to get out.
The last of my hockey memes for a while... 
This happens every time I bet... 
No wonder why Kessel alone cannot get the Leafs through... Now we know why... 
This. Just this. This made my day. 
I didn't even know that he had an Emmy! But anyway, who cares? Certainly not me... 
I would be too because then he wouldn't be the Penguins' head coach and that would be awesome. 
If this was actually the cover, I'd never play the game... 
When should I expect a reply back from Olli Maatta regarding my promprosal? If I get a reply back at all...
This is nothing but the truth right here. 
I'm getting tired of all the Pens trolls on social media... 
Never settle for anything less than what you deserve; everyone deserves the very best.
I'm not normal.
I wanna go down in history and be remembered for centuries.
My favorite hockey player of all time! 
Sprinkles are for winners.
I'd get off my laptop because I have no idea what to do, but I don't feel like it.
