No matter what stage of life are you in
your MOM is always with you.
-
Happy Mother's Day!
"A woman who fears the Lord is to be praised."
"The greatest inheritance a parent can give his children is a few minutes of his time each day."
Sunday, May 10
Mother's Day 2015
Commit to find happiness no matter what it takes. With enough hard work and dedication, you really can create the life you want.
Cherish each moment you spend with the people you love. Enjoying every experience will give you many new reasons to be happy.
Focus on what you can do to make things better. It’s your responsibility to make yourself happy: nobody else’s.
Instead of blaming others for what’s wrong in your life, focus on what you can do to make things better.
Stop chasing; start living. Wanting more is fine, but don’t forget to relax and enjoy life for what it is – in the present.
Be grateful. Practice kindness. And say “thanks” to the people who have had a positive influence on you.
Living with less stuff, less debt, less clutter meant living with more freedom, more time, more joy.  :)
Life is about simple yet profound choices.
Learn to be happy with the simple pleasures.
Do what you love and love what you do, you’ll naturally be productive.
'No matter how the day turned out, be grateful you had the experience of living and tomorrow is a new day!'
Let go of those things that cause you grief or hold you back.
Appreciate your friends. Continue to learn. Do what you love. Live as if this is all there is.
Live with intention. Walk to the edge. Listen Hard. Practice wellness. Play with abandon. Laugh. Choose with no regret.
"Always, always trust your first gut instincts. If you feel something's wrong, it usually is."
"You may not be able to control what happens in your life, but your attitude will determine your level of comfort."
"Remember that your Heart—your Truth—will never lead you astray. Let the Light of your Heart guide your way."
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
One of the hardest lessons in life is letting go. Whether it’s guilt, anger, love, loss, or betrayal. Change is never easy.
“Courage doesn't always roar. Sometimes courage is the little voice
at the end of the day that says ‘I'll try again tomorrow.’”
Being grateful makes it really easy to turn negatives into positives.
No matter who you are, there is something to be thankful for. A roof over your head, the food in your fridge, your family and friends.
Being consciously grateful is essential to a happy life. It keeps you positive and optimistic,
Humble people can do great things with uncommon perfection for they are not concerned about their own interests and reputation,
The most beautiful people in this world are the one’s that have that unique courage to be themselves.
Keep going.
Be strong. Hello friend @rukia_caev  :)
Respect yourself and most importantly, do your thing and never apologize for being you.
There’s a reason for everything. Every mistake, every moment of weakness, every terrible thing that has happened to you. Grow from it.
Never regret the past, it’s a waste of time.
Always stand up for what you believe in.
Always be yourself. Never try to hide who you are.
Sometimes we need someone to simply be there, not to fix anything or do anything in particular, but just to let us feel we are supported.
Don't take people for granted. No matter how much they love you, people get tired eventually.
The best preparation for tomorrow is the right use of today.
Stay positive. The things you're waiting and hoping for, tend to arrive at the most unexpected moments.
If you did wrong,
apologize for it. 

If you want trust, earn it.
If you made a promise, keep it.
- 
If you have love, cherish it. 
-
If someone confided in you, respect it.
To those who see with loving eyes, LIFE is beautiful. :)
Good morning! Back to normal,. Hello friend @rukia_caev  Have a nice day! :)
Count your blessings, not your problems, and you will realize how beautiful your life truly is.
Have a positive and humble mindset no matter what situation you are in.
Be yourself and don't wait for the approval of others.
@rukia_caev  I'm good my friend. thank you for asking. :)
@rukia_caev Whoah! Love the pics so much friend! Thanks so much! Miss my Leader. I wonder where he is right now. :(
Focus on your blessings, not your misfortunes. Focus on your strengths, not your weaknesses. :)
Live your life with purpose.
Thankful for LIFE! Hello @rukia_caev  Stay happy and safe friend!,. :)
It is not our responsibility to prove to people who we are. Our job and responsibility is to be. What you do is proof of who you are.
"The pain has given me strength and made me the person I am today. And for that, I am forever grateful." :)
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them.
@si_paolo_ako  Ako rin!,. :D
Be thankful for each new challenge because it will build your strength and character.
Be OK with not knowing for sure what might come next, but know that whatever it is, YOU will be OK. 
Happy Tuesday! :)
No matter how good or bad you have it, wake up each day thankful for your life.
Sometimes you just really need some motivation to get you going. :)
It’s Monday. Get a new perspective. Whatever obstacle you’re facing, it’s not permanent.
It’s Monday. I’m Happy. I’m Blessed. God is going to do amazing things this week.
Be who you are and say what you feel.
When we are struggling or feeling down, it is easy to blame external sources such as our partner, work situation, or our friends behavior.
If we are thinking positive, life affirming, thoughts towards ourselves and those around us, our life will unfold in a loving flowing way.
"When our mind is still, we are calm and peaceful and life seems wonderful."
"Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.”
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.”
Keep smiling, it makes people wonder what you are up to. :)
Have fun and live your life the way you want to live it. Most of all, don’t worry about people that don’t like you &amp; enjoy the ones who do.
I guess the real fact of the matter is, we don’t know what tomorrow is going to bring and the only thing we really have is right now.
No matter how hard life can get, be grateful you still have one.
Sometimes you have to stop worrying and have faith that things will work out, maybe not how you planned, but just how they're meant to be.
Good friends help you to find important things when you have lost them…your smile, your hope, and your courage.
"Taking time out each day to relax and renew is essential to living well."
Sometimes it's so hard to say NO,..
"... have the freedom not to catch and embrace every ball that is thrown at you…"
When you smile, your body and mind are sending a message to you that everything is okay, and that life is great.
Spend more time around someone who smiles.
Whatever we are waiting for - it will surely come to us, but only when we are ready to receive it with an open and grateful heart.
I feel like life is really short, and it's important to enjoy yourself and embrace whatever comes your way.
No matter who you are, you can't escape challenges; they are part of life.
Trying something new requires courage,..
No matter who you are and what has happened in your life, YOU ARE WORTHY OF LOVE!
Live at peace with everyone. Happy Wednesday  @rukia_caev  :)
DO what you LOVE.
Happiness is like a kiss. You must share it to enjoy it.
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
LOVE all, trust a few. Do wrong to none.
LIFE is a gift.
Whatever you do, you should do it with feeling. :)
I hope you always find a reason to SMILE.
"Kiss kiss~ Love Timing~" 
Appreciate what you have.
If you have everything the world can give - pleasure, possessions, power - but lack peace of mind, you can never be happy.
Happiness, true happiness, is an inner quality. It is a state of mind. If your mind is at peace, you are happy.
"Decide on what you believe pleases God than what pleases men and the universe will conspire to make it happen."
"Make decisions primarily for yourself because you can never really live anyone else's life."
"None of us is perfect."
"Not all of your decisions will be correct."
The LORD has truly risen, alleluia! alleluia!
HAPPY EASTER! 
@nomad0606 @loving_khj my forever leader! HJL :)
Black Saturday 
Mobile Kim Hyun Joong 2APR15 
Maundy Thursday is the name given to the day on which Jesus celebrated the Passover with His disciples. 
@SS501tv This is funny!,... April fool's day, huh!,. :))

"<FACE THROWING A KISS>" 

Let us reflect and meditate on the passion of Christ and gladly await the coming of Easter. 
GOD is big enough!
When you face a difficulty, something you don’t understand, instead of being discouraged, instead of complaining, have a new perspective.
Prayer is the most powerful against trials, the most effective medicine against sickness, and the most valuable gift to someone we care for.
For Your steadfast love is great to the heavens, Your faithfulness to the clouds.
-Psalm 57:10

Thank you God!
LENT is primarily a season of penitence, in which we acknowledge how we have missed the mark in our lives and ask GOD for forgiveness.
It's so nice to share special moments with a friend like you. HAPPY BIRTHDAY! GOD bless you more, :) 
so sleepy, good night! 
Everyday is an opportunity to make new choices.
Keep the right attitude.
The end result is worth the pain.
Do not give up.
BED Graduation Day
parang teenager lang ang peg,. :D 
BIG or small, LIES are LIES! :(
SACs with the principal 
Solidarity Ball 
GOD looks at the heart.
Today’s troubles will one day be forgotten!
Don Bosco, Makati 
Where's the food?
.... hungry! 
no more?,. :( 
Bench marking
-
University of Makati
Philippines 
On the way to University of Makati 
GOD looks at the heart.
Think well and live well today my friend. @rukia_caev  You are amazing! :)
I declare that my dreams will come true, in Jesus' name, Amen.
March 19
-
 Feast Day
-
St. Joseph, Husband of Mary 
In search of excellence 
St. Joseph, husband of Mary
-
Happy Feast day! 
Another day,.... grateful!  :)
APAA Office 
after a day's work 
Finally!,. :) 
with parents and teachers 
IBIP Class 2014-2015
-
Congratulations! 
No classes tom. and on Friday!,.. :D
Solidarity Ball,.
Hello friend @rukia_caev Have a nice day! Be happy!,. :)
It's Monday!,............  and so?,..... :'))
For more details:
-
contact us
visit our website 
You must learn to let go. You were never in control anyway.
Things end. People leave, and you know what?....... LIFE goes on.
Summer!,.. I can feel it!,. :D
Always remember that your present situation is not your final destination. The best is yet to come.
@rukia_caev Have a great day friend! :)
Sometimes, you have to accept that a person can only be in your HEART but not in your LIFE. 
Nice to see you again Ofie C.
-
Thanks Thelma,. :)
When you find yourself in the position to help someone
-
 be happy and feel blessed,..
Working hard for something we love is called passion.
"Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong”
Know what you want.
It's never too late to start over. If you weren't happy with yesterday, try something different today. Don't stay stuck. Do better.
It's Tuesday.
-
-
Have a good one!
Good night friends, see you in my dreams,. :)
@mgeronimoguru bukas na lang madam, gabi na eh,. hahahaha! gud night!
@mgeronimoguru Wow! ako nagwowork na by that time, inggit naman ako,. :)
@mgeronimoguru Dami tao dito sa McDo! Ikaw pumila ka ba? kung nandito ka, yayayain kita,. :D,.... miss u Marita,. :(
“It doesn't matter what you did or where you were...it matters where you are and what you're doing. Get out there!
“You are what you do, not what you say you'll do.” 
-
-
Just do it right!
Nothing is impossible when the heart understands.
Nothing is hard if the heart has LOVE. 
FAMILY is not about blood. It's about who is willing to hold your hand when you need it the most.
Humility is when you would not consider your own needs, but would regard the needs of others are more important.
“Where the elderly are not honoured there is no future for the young.”
Pride is when you think your needs are more important than everyone else's needs.
"Hugs tell us many things; that we are loved, that we are important, that we are valued."
GOD has placed you where you are for a reason.
When you let go, you grow.
When you forgive, you heal.
Happy weekend friends,. :) 
No one has the right to judge you, because no one really knows what you have been through.
Zzzzzzz,.... 
Hoping you'll come,. :)
So generous,. 
Thanks Teacher Del,. :)

Kain lang, 
Enjoy the food,. :) 
Wait!,.. there's more,.. :) 
@ Max's Roces 
my lucky number,. :) 
A person can actually be wealthy not only when he or she has more money but when he or she has fewer wants.
When I am tired, your SMILE gives me strength to go on.
-
-
FIGHTING! 
Spend more time with friends,.. :)
@chikiyumi @loving_khj  That's right!,... SMILE (my dear Kim Hyun Joong), it will all pass anyway, just hang on and keep the faith. :)
Tomorrow is,............ FRIDAY! :D
Spend time with positive people who enhance your life.
Nurturing yourself is a necessity, not a luxury.
Free yourself from negative energy by forgiving and moving on.
Accept the fact that we live in an imperfect world and that people make mistakes.
“What doesn’t kill us makes us stronger.”
Many things in life are beyond our control— particularly the behavior of other people.
If you see good things about yourself, you are more likely to feel good.
Take a moment to reflect on all the things you appreciate in your life, including your own positive qualities and gifts.
If something or someone is bothering you, communicate your concerns in an open and respectful way.
Know your limits and stick to them, whether in your personal or professional life.
can't help it!,. 
@rukia_caev Huh! look at the image formed!,.looks like,.
Kindness makes you the most beautiful person in the world no matter what you look like.
May we begin now, this very day, to express LOVE to all of GOD’s children, whether they be our family members,our friends,mere acquaintances
If it is meant to be, GOD will let it be. :)
@rukia_caev Finally, I heard from you, been busy? I'm good but quite busy with work these past few monthsTake care friend and be safe always
No matter what you may be going through in your life, never forget to smile because the smile is what makes us all happy.
"... and in your descendants all the nations of the earth shall find blessing--all this because you obeyed my command."
"Your descendants shall take possession of the gates of their enemies,.. "
"I will bless you abundantly and make your descendants as countless as the stars of the sky and the sands of the seashore,. "
When GOD is in control of your life, nothing can come between you and His great plan for you.
Stop waiting for people to recognize how hard you work. GOD sees the sacrifices you make and will bless you accordingly.
When you are going through something hard and wonder where GOD is,... remember, the TEACHER is always quiet during a test.
Focus on some other productive things and give your time to people who take you as their priority.
I respect a person who respects me when I'm not around.
Stop holding on what hurts you and give room for new things, new plans, new people and joy.
A blessed Sunday everyone! :)
HAPPY are the people who have life's SIMPLE pleasures!
On this beautiful day, let us choose to see the goodness in everything around us. 
Blessings are for people who live with LOVE, KINDNESS and THOUGHTFULNESS for others! Good morning! :)
good night,.. 
The beginning of new life
for another week ahead.
 Thank you Lord!
Put your hands in the air and
 wave them like you just don’t care. . . . because
 It’s Friday!
 Happy Weekend friends,.. :)
WhAahhh!
 Weekend,.. it's coming!
 Just leave all your worries and
 live like a child over your weekends,
 Have an enjoyable weekend folks!
Don't be afraid of goodbye. You may lose something good. But you might also gain something better.
Successful people are disciplined people. They are not those who want instant gratification.
Timing is everything.
One of the best lessons to learn is to wait.
Don't invest your time in people that are not supposed to be a part of your inner circle.
Get the right people in your life.
Only a few days left,.. :(
Let's welcome,..... SUMMER!,. :)
@si_paolo_ako I mean his death anniv,.. hehehehe!
Wear a cheerful countenance at all times
and give every living creature you meet a smile. 
Forget the mistakes of the past
and press on to the greater achievements of the future.
Look at the sunny side of everything
and make your optimism come true.
Make all your friends feel
that there is something in them,.. 
Promise myself:
To be so strong that nothing
can disturb my peace of mind. 
Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears. 
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough. 
If you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best. 
I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. 
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure.
Don't cry because it's over, SMILE because it happened.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose...
All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
Join me in praying for a dear friend who just lost his mother today.
No language can express the power, and beauty, and heroism, and majesty of a mother’s love.
The tongue has no bones but is strong enough to break a heart. So, be careful with your words.
Sometimes, the answer to our prayers is not gaining but losing; which ultimately is the gain.
Whatever you do in life, make sure it makes you happy.
Experience is far more valuable than money will ever be.
In life, people tend to wait for good things to come to them. And by waiting, they miss out.
Thank you LORD for another beautiful day, for opening up my eyes and ears to see and hear all the wonders YOU have created.
:),..  zzzzz 
Be hopeful and grow in love.
The good you do today maybe forgotten tomorrow. Do good anyway. :)
If you find happiness, people may be jealous,..
If you are honest, people may cheat you.
If you are kind, people may accuse you of ulterior motives,..
People are often unreasonable and self-centered. :(
My Brilliant Life
Lent,.. the Christian season of preparation before Easter. 
Give up complaining,.. focus on gratitude.
What to give up,..
@loving_khj:  A song coming from the heart. Love it! Praying for your safety and continued success. Saranghae!,. :)
Don't worry about what others think. #People are always negative, don't let it bother you.
:) 
@rukia_caev Good night friend. I hope you're always happy and safe. :)
LOVE has neither rhyme nor reason, so let go and let your feelings soar.
LOVE is eternally young. So be young! Be happy! Have fun! :D
A SMILE after a kiss is like a rainbow to the heart. :)
Laughter is food for the soul. :D
Sweet gestures are sure to be remembered and appreciated.
A touch is worth a thousand words.
@loving_khj Oh!,. sooo sad. You'll be missed,.:(
Try going further to look for the one, and take it slow even when things look promising.
Even for those who declare their feelings to their crush, the chances of rejection are pretty high.
Love and relationships:
Venus is not on the side of the Rat, especially for those still single. There will be a dip in romantic encounters.
It’s good to keep a low profile and avoid attracting too much attention, as it may also invite undesirable negative forces into your way.
Although your environment is constantly changing, you will make it through the storm as long as you keep calm and move on.
You will meet important people who will help you in times of adversity, so don’t hesitate to seek help if you must.
There seem to be more hurdles for you to overcome, but fret not, things will work out at the end of the day.
General Prediction: 
Overview: Drastic changes might take place this year.
Zodiac Prediction 2015:Rat If you were born in 1936, 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996 or 2008 you fall under the Chinese zodiac sign of the Rat.
for good luck! :) 
GOD has given us two hands, one to receive with and the other to give with. :)
LORD, please calm my heart and take away my anxiety.
It's so lonely when you don't even know yourself,.. :(
STAY POSITIVE. The things you're waiting and hoping for, tend to arrive at the most unexpected moments.
Lenten Season,.. 
You are not forgotten. 
God remembers you.
Have FAITH that no matter where you are in life no matter what comes against you, YOU are NOT ALONE.
a shop in London 
in front of Royal Palace in Phnom Penh, Cambodia 
Hong San Ko Tee Temple Surabaya, Indonesia 
traditional decorations at a market in Beijing, China 
Fo Guang Shan Dong Zen Temple in Jenjarom 
Hong Kong Cultural Centre 
sheep-shaped dolls at Vancouver, Canada 
Temple of Earth, Beijing 
decorations for the upcoming Lunar New Year 
Beijing, China 
Kunming, China 
Beijing 
Seoul, South Korea 
Kong Hei Fat Choi! 
Lunar New Year: Celebrations Around the World 
Happy Chinese New
Year of the Goat 
Kong Hei Fat Choi! :D
I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth.
Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. :)
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams.
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. :)
It's Tuesday! Do something that brings you joy. :)  Hello friend @rukia_caev  It's been awhile,. :)
Each life is unique. Each life has a story to tell. And each life has its own set of  lessons, experiences, and perspectives.
Happiness is a personal experience. So, whether it is saying yes to milk, or reading poetry, make sure to pursue your happiness.
"If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion."
Being happy is a choice. :)  Hello my friend @rukia_caev
Everyday is a gift,... be grateful! :)
Happy Monday!,. :) 
:) 
meet sophie,. :) 
Aming Tribo 2015
with Ms. Requilman 
Aming Tribo 2015
Grade Six 
Aming Tribo 2015
CAS 
Aming Tribo 2015 
Grade Three 
If you have a positive , joyous outlook, the joy you share will be returned to you.
what goes around comes around,.
Once in a while, mahalin mo rin ang sarili mo. :)
There is a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough.
Happy Sunday everyone,. :)
Thanks for the gifts. :) 
@mgeronimoguru  Happy Valentine,. :)
@si_paolo_ako well celebrated birthday ni Tyo Mancio,.:)   May his soul rest in peace. Amen.
Humbleness is always grace, always dignity. Remember: Sense shines with a double luster when it is set in humility.
Humble people can do great things with uncommon perfection for they are not concerned about their own interests and reputation.
school fair 2015 
Ni Hao!,. :)
aming tribo 2015 
Come, join us!,. :) 
Aming Tribo na!!! :D 
Don't worry about things you can't control. :)
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't look back when you know you shouldn't.
You're invited!! :) 
Mike with his project in Filipino,. :) 
With Sister, teachers and an IBIP student, Mike,. :) 
@mgeronimoguru May ganon? buti na lang di ko naramdaman,. :(
pictures, pictures, pictures!,. :D 
Academic Festival 2015 
(bulletin board) 
Forgive immediately and love the people you want to love. :)
with them,. :) 
Live a simple life, let go of everyone who wants to leave you.
Do not make your life complicated.
Put your hand on my heart and feel what I am thinking,. :)
The difference between coffee and your opinion is I asked for coffee,. :D
It's Tuesday!,. :)
It's all about being in the right mindset.
HAPPY Monday!,. :)
yeah!, right!,.. :) 
Love your enemies, do good to them,..
@loving_khj Kim Hyun Joong! Kim Hyun Joong! Kim Hyun Joong!!!,.. :')
If I love you, I do it with my heart.
I am who I am, you can love me or not. I won't change!
@loving_khj That's cute! :)   lucky lady, she's with " the man",.. :)
@loving_khj How is that?,.. :D
@loving_khj Nice gesture of acknowledging his mistake,.. working really hard, huh! :)
@SS501tv Looking forward, can't wait! I'm so excited!,. :)
Praise GOD in the good times, seek GOD when you're confused, praise GOD when you're troubled,..
God is so attentive to our every prayer, our every thought, our every concern. He is never not available to us He is always listening ..
Let your words be encouraging to others and not to cause someone to stumble.
What comes out from our mouth speaks what fills our heart for the heart is the wellspring of our values...
Aming Tribo Fair 2015
Feb. 12-14, 2015
Where are you now?,.. :(
I love  FRIDAYS!!,. :D
I just...I just miss him.
What should I do?,... :(
Thinking of you,..... makes me smile,.
can't wait to see you,. :)
Your sweet smile,..  :) your lovely eyes!,.. :)
@si_paolo_ako Go! go! go!!! push mo 'yan!!! :D
I need help!!!!!,..... :(
don't know what to do first!,.. :(
“Let’s unite and rebuild this Blessed Land. Turn to GOD who will not fail His faithful ones."
"Bring justice not only for our soldiers but for every Filipino unjustly served.
Only then can true peace and progress be achieved."
"Cry, my fellow countrymen, for our fallen brothers… But cry more for ourselves if we are not moved to right the wrong and bring justice,..
One of 44 slain SAF men known for ‘tiger-like’ bravery 
The greatest inspiration is to help someone without expecting anything in return.
Look for work that inspires you
Look for people who inspire you.
"We do not know the dignity of their names but we know the glory of their deaths and the grief of those they left." 
A day of mourning,. :(
Friday!,. :D
headache,.. :((
Remember, as long as you are breathing, it's never too late to start a new beginning. :)
Finally,.. :)
Amazing things happen when we step out in FAITH!
Learning is power! Let's share and celebrate! :D
ACADEMIC FESTIVAL 2015




WHEN YOU ARE SAD, GO TO CHURCH.  ~ Pope Francis
:)
"How often we forget to dedicate ourselves to that which truly matters! We forget that we are children of God."  Pope Francis
Don’t worry about anything; pray about everything. Tell GOD what you need, and thank Him for all he has done.
Read the story behind U2's 13 studio albums starting with their debut album 'Boy': 
Good luck and GOD bless Ms. Eds,. :) 
We all go through times in life when it seems that we are out of options and don’t know which way to turn.
Lord, help me to speak loving words to those around me today. Let my response always be gentle and kind. Not harsh or full of anger.
Happy birthday Chris! GOD bless you more,. :) 
Another day,.. grateful! Thank you LORD!
Move on and grow stronger. :)
No point in stressing over something you can't change.
kainan na! :) 
You cannot always wait for the perfect time, sometimes you must dare to jump.
With CHRIST, we have endless hope.
good morning! TBI,.
“A heart in love with beauty never grows old.”
“Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.” ~ Lyndon B. Johnson
Paalam! 
Pope Francis: "Filipinos are called to be outstanding missionaries."
Pope Francis: "The Philippines is the foremost Catholic country in Asia. This itself is a special gift."
Adiós, Papa Francisco!

Muchas gracias. :) 
Salamat sa pagmamahal at pagmamalasakit! Nawa'y isabuhay ng mamayang Pilipino ang mga iniwan mong salita. Mabuhay ka Papa Francesco!
The compassion, charisma, the energy, positivity and the smile of His Holiness Pope Francis has won the hearts of millions of Filipinos.
Tell the world of HIS LOVE,. :)
:) 
kaligayahang di kayang ipaliwanag ng anumang salita,. :)
mixed emotions!!! :))
unexplained feeling of happiness!,. :)
GOD is the reason why we stand in every failure, forget every rejection and smile even in pain. 
Good morning,. :)
excited!,. :)
Pope Francis waves as he boards a flight for Manila, following a two-day visit to Sri Lanka, Thu. Jan 15, 2015 

Waiting,. :)
long  vacation!!!,.. I will not see you for days!!!,. :(
I like somebody who's not so crazy but likes to have a good time........ like YOU! :)
Sometimes being weird and different is good. :)
Say what you want to say with respect.
It really doesn't matter what other people think.
It's the inner beauty that counts.
Some people like you, some people don't. In the end you just have to be yourself.
stressful,.
So excited to see you once again,. :)
Feast Day of The Black Nazarene January 9, 2015 

:')) 
:') 
It's Friday,. :))
If it makes you happy, do it. If it doesn't, then don't.
Nothing is worth it if you aren't happy.
First meeting after Christmas break,.. so HAPPY to see you again,. :)
getting ready,. :)

To find the balance you want, you must keep your feet grounded so firmly on the earth. 
Be Thankful...SMILE!
Hope everyone is feeling blessed this morning. Praise GOD!
Good morning Philippines! Hello world!,. :)

It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness.
It's been awhile, I miss you. I can't wait to see you again. :)
Let us be grateful to the people who make us happy.

Thank you. :)
@mgeronimoguru Happy Happy New Year! :)  Be at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better person. :)
@akosihart430 Be at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better person. Happy Happy New Year! :)
@rukia_caev Be at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better person. Happy New Year friend! :)
When the New Year arrives, it brings new ideas and hopes for us to make our lives good to better and better to best.
We will open the book. We are going to put words on them ourselves. The book is called Opportunity and its first chapter is New Year's Day.
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man.
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
" Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties."
Happy New Year 2015!               Another year starts and with it, new hopes and aspirations –  happiness, prosperity and goodness to come.



Wishing everyone a Merry Christmas &amp; a Grace-filled New Year<EVERGREEN TREE>



Sometimes, we just have to ask,.......... WHY???
How you love, says a lot about you.
Prayer is the key to everything in life, so pray on.
Setting goals is the first step in turning
the invisible into the visible.
O LORD,
teach me your paths,
guide me in your truth and teach me,
for you are God my savior.
People will truly never understand something until it happens to them.
Congratulations and best wishes Bayani and Juvy! GOD bless you!  :)
Nice wedding! :)
I'm thankful for my struggle because without it I wouldn't have stumbled across my strength.
"My soul proclaims the greatness of the Lord;
my spirit rejoices in God my savior."
GOD knows the desires of your heart.
@rukia_caev  I'm good my friend, having a 2 week Christmas break,. :) keep safe always,. :)
@si_paolo_ako I know, syempre trabaho 'yan,. :)
Let us ask the Lord for the grace not to speak badly of others, not to criticize, not to gossip, but rather to love everyone. Pope Francis
GOD does not invent junk but we need to develop our talents and make ourselves usable. And when we do we find HAPPINESS and MEANING. :)
Every person is gifted but some of us never bother to remove the wrapper and open our gift packs.
Some lessons in life are best learned through pain.
Sometimes we must fail in order to know.
Sometimes we must be hurt in order to grow,.
:) 
It's been awhile,.. :( 
@si_paolo_ako miss you too, namiss ka talaga namin sa reunion, di masaya, di tulad ng nakaraan :(
day 1
Mother Tongue 1, 2 and 3
Third Quarterly Test
@si_paolo_ako Wow!,. :)
" I, the LORD, your God, teach you what is for your good, and lead you on the way you should go."

Happy Friday everyone,. :)


“Life is to be enjoyed, not endured”
If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create.
We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections.
When we are afraid,we pull back from life. When we are in love,we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement &amp; acceptance.
video inspired by The Crystal Ballroom 

“Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.”
"Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there's so much to smile about.”
Prayers answered!! Thanks be to God!! Typhoon weakens.

Philippines spared massive destruction; thousands of lives saved.
No matter what the situation we are in, if we have the right perspective in life, life will always be beautiful!
I know that I'm nowhere near perfect. But thank you LORD for loving me in every way and letting me see another beautiful day. :)
You know, things happen to you, and sometimes you don't realize why it happened until much later. But eventually it all makes sense. :)
God wants you to trust Him enough to be happy, even if it doesn't happen your way.
"... Though the grass withers and the flower wilts, the word of our God stands forever."
Thank GOD for another day...another chance to figure out this riddle we call LIFE.
The power of prayers,. :)



First Lady of the United States of America 
@manila_bulletin Go SMB Beermen! Fighting!!! :)
@manila_bulletin Proud Filipinos we are!,.. :)
"To the wrong person, you don't have any worth. To the right person, you mean everything." :)
There are things in life out of our control. Sometimes we just have to let them go.

Our voices may disappear but may the Word remains in the hearts of the people we meet.
May we become simple and humble voices which transmit the Word of compassion,mercy and love who is Christ, Himself.
May the voice of the Prophet Isaiah and John be our voices today. Voice which leads to compassion and mercy.
Let us all listen to the message of Prophet Isaiah and John as to prepare ourselves for the coming of JESUS in our lives.
John the Baptist cried out in the dessert, "Prepare the way of the Lord. Make straight His path. "
Be safe everyone.
The most beautiful things in life are not seen but felt by the heart.
Our prime purpose in this life is to help others. And if you can't help them, at least don't hurt them.
GOD is good.
Being in the center of GOD's will is the best workplace for you.
Feast of the Immaculate Conception
@triplesph @marisaidwhat why is he here in Mla?,.
@ActorLeeMinHo Good morning from the Philippines! :)
Oh Lord, whatever the storm is in our lives- “keep us safe and secure” may we always respect your laws and obey them…
“LORD, keep us safe till the storm passes by.”
Comfort, give comfort to my people, says your God.
Thank you GOD for blessing me much more than I deserve.
A blessed Sunday morning, be safe everyone. :)
Spare us, o LORD,.
Ruby!,.. :((
@nengski2011 ay, ganon!,, :(
typhoon!,.. :(
REUNION,... :)
Hope to see you on Tuesday,.. :)

It's been two days,... I miss you.
Thank GOD it's Friday,. :)
We shouldn't panic (bec. of typhoon Ruby) because we have enough time to prepare, evacuate. Be safe everyone.




TROPICAL CYCLONE WARNING: TYPHOON “RUBY” 
ISSUED AT 11:00 AM, 04 DECEMBER 2014... 
Thursday morning everyone,. be safe!,. :)
@nengski2011 Too bad! malamig naman, baqkit may ashma ka?,. :(






special class @ 1:20- 2:20pm,.. :(
Council meeting,.. 8am-12noon.  resume 2pm,.. :((
looking forward,.. :)
inspite of,... I'm still and will forever be grateful. Thank you LORD. :)
 
Instagram Update [14.11.30]

"hahahaha!!!" 

Believe that everything happens for a reason.
Live LIFE and treasure every moment of it. :)
Be thankful for the DREAMS that turned into REALITY.
Be thankful for the friends that turned into family. :)
LOVE the people who treat you right. Forgive the ones who don't.

Everyday,be thankful for the Nights that turned into Mornings,. :)
LIFE is never about the people who act true in front of you. It is always about the people who remain true behind you.
The best gift in life is simply having people who truly care.
Happy birthday Ms. Natalia Quintos! GOD bless you more,. :)
CONGRATULATIONS Grade 3-Equality, 3-Justice &amp; 3-Peace
SJCQC BED First Communion @Christ The King E. Rod.
long wait!,. :(
typhoon?,. :'(
Another day, another reason to celebrate LIFE,. :)
I'm just,..... HAPPY!
Santa Claus is coming no more,. :') 
CHRISTMAS is in the air!,.. :) 
ERASERHEADS' new album... SABADO 1995 
with a brand new album,.. 
ERASERHEADS,.... together again!  :)) 
My all time favorite local band,.... ERASERHEADS 
St. Joseph's College of QC BED Sports Festival 2014
Day 4
I know it's late, but I want to say THANK YOU for the pasalubong,. :') 
It's a beautiful day!,. :)
Hi there,.. :) 
Yeahhhh!,.. :)) 
:),... 
Hope you are too,. :) 
relax, it's Friday anyway!,. :) 
exactly!,. :) 
@rukia_caev   Hello, It's been awhile,.. miss you here. Have a great day, be happy always,. :)
Yeah!,. :) 
It's a beautiful day!,...  :)  Now watch some idiot screw it up.  :(
Don’t chase people. Be yourself, do your own thing, &amp; work hard.The right people, the ones who really belong in your life, will come to you.
I'm really happy I met you, I hope you know that. :) 
FRIDAY is my second favorite F word.  :'))
Rule #1 of LIFE. Do what makes YOU happy.  :))
;')),..... 
fRiDaY!!!,.... :')) 
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. :)
Being HAPPY doesn’t mean that everything is perfect. It means that you’ve decided to look beyond the imperfections.
Happy Friday everyone!:)
Yeah!, right,. :) 
My life is far from perfect, but I'm happy with what I have and working hard to get where I want to be. :)
:),.. saranghae! 
thanks,. :) 
... and I'm happy!,. :) 
Hate it when everyone thinks that all single people are only single because they can't find anyone. 
The bodies of Miss Honduras Maria Jose Alvarado and her sister were partially buried along the banks of the Aguagual River
Happiness begins with you. Not with your relationship, your friends, or your job. but with you. :)
Be Happy &amp; Appreciate Every Little Thing You Have,.. :)
Be patient with the faults of others.
Forgive quickly to have a happy soul and life.
A relationship will either make the majority of your life happy or miserable.
Today is the day you will figure things out, 'cause today is called life and that's what life's about.
Life is a great Teacher !
Learn and Be Content and Happy ! :)
You cannot control all the happenings in your Life,
Things may go wrong.
But you can decide not to be alarmed by them.
Never get confused,..
HAPPINESS is a simple game of lost and found: Lose the things you take for granted, and you will feel great happiness once they are found.
Just be happy. And if you can't be happy, do things that make you happy. :'))
“Daily love and kindness are the path to a happy life.”  :)
"Enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.”
What's wrong???,..  :'((
Let's all be,.. :')) 
;')) 
What's not to be happy about,hey?I have the opportunity to create, to inspire &amp; get inspired.This gift to live yet another day is priceless.

Happy Friday everyone!,.. :)
I'm stronger because I had to be. I'm smarter bec. of my mistakes. Happier bec. of the sadness I've known &amp; wiser because I have learned.
@SS501tv  for they will be forever SS501!,. :)
Delight yourself in the LORD and He shall give you the desires of your heart.
It's a new day! 
I'm alive.
I'm blessed. 
GOD is good. 
GOD is great. 
Have a blessed Sunday! :)
GOD's blessing is on me. No matter what's happening in my life, I believe that GOD always loves me. :)
“Many people will walk in and out of your life, but only true friends will leave footprints in your heart.” 
As long as there is someone to protect me, there is no one on earth who can break me... GOD ... 
Nothing you have is because of luck or chance. It's all due to GOD's grace and favor. :)
headache!,. :'(
Nmbers! numbers! numbers!,.. all but numbers!,. :'((
"It is more blessed to live a good life.”
If you do good, your good deeds will multiple.If you do bad, you will face the consequences.
“No matter how busy we may believe we are, we have the wonderful opportunity presently of investing time with loved ones.
“You were not just blessed for yourself,
your were blessed to be a blessing to
others.”
"Respect toward others can't be imposed.
It's a blessing...or learning the hard way.”
@kyujongfacts Nice to see you together. SS501 forever! Saranghae!,. :)
"God doesn't bless us just to make us happy; He blesses us to make us a blessing.”
“Happiness is within. Each day is a blessing that brings an abundance of happiness.
good night,
@rukia_caev Hello friend. It's been awhile. I hope you're happy and safe always. :)
GOD's love has the power to change everything in our lives.
Life is beautiful when we make a difference in someone's life,..
@mgeronimoguru Hahaha! pwede na, ;)
@mgeronimoguru wala na sila, si Rachelle na nga lang natira, pero halos di rin kami nagkakasama, dami pa rin gawa sa office, stress talaga
1:00 pm,. :'(
Walang pasok,. :'))
@mgeronimoguru Ikaw?, maliligaw, baka ako,.hehehe! kita tau pag pumunta ka ha?, kain tayo, kwentuhan, ganon,. miss you,. :'(
Happy Teachers' Day to all the teachers out there, you're blessed! :) 
@mgeronimoguru  Wala ng nagyayaya sa akin kumain sa labas,. :'(
@mgeronimoguru  Miss you more. Happy Teachers' Day! :)
Happiness is when you feel good about yourself without feeling the need for anyone else. :) 
Sunday morning! It's a great day!,. :')
SMILE, LAUGH, FORGIVE, BELIEVE and LOVE all over again.
What matters is not the first, but the last chapter of our life which shows how well we ran the race.
The secret of being FREE is not revenge but letting things unfold in their own way and own time.
Someday, we'll forget the hurt, the reason we cried and who caused the pain.
Once you feel you are avoided by someone, never disturb them again.
“Whenever you feel like criticizing any one...just remember that all the people in this world haven't had the advantages that you've had.”
“God gave us minds to think with and hearts to thank with. :)
“Perhaps it takes a purer faith to praise God for unrealized blessings than for those we once enjoyed or those we enjoy now.”
Spare us Lord,
Glenda is gone but Henry is coming,. :'(
Glenda,. :'(
Nothing is impossible when the HEART understands,. :)
You only live once but if you do it right, once is enough.
" I consider that the sufferings of this present time are as nothing compared with the glory to be revealed for us."
"TO BE FRIENDS WITH GOD MEANS TO PRAY WITH SIMPLICITY, LIKE CHILDREN TALKING TO PARENTS."
Live life according to the way u want to be As long as u are not harming anybody Don't mind those people talking behind ur back,..
The angel of the LORD encamps around those who fear him, and delivers them. Taste and see how good the LORD is;
Glorify the LORD with me, let us together extol his name. I sought the LORD, and he answered me and delivered me from all my fears.
I will bless the LORD at all times; his praise shall be ever in my mouth. Let my soul glory in the LORD; the lowly will hear me and be glad.
"The best thing about the future is that it comes only one day at a time."
Envy is one of the great enemies of active spirituality.
"Great opportunities to help others seldom come,  but small ones surround us every day."
Sometimes the hardest thing and the right thing are the same.
Appreciate the truly important things in life.
People change, love hurts, friends leave, things go wrong but just remember that life goes on.
There is always, always, always something to be thankful for. ;)
In daily life we must see that it is not happiness that makes us grateful, but gratefulness that makes us happy. :'))
Be thankful, not only for the easy times, but for every experience that has made you who you are.
Without adversity, we may never appreciate the abundance in our lives.
Without battles, we could not know what victory feels like.
“Without darkness, we may never know how bright the stars shine. :)
“Sometimes we focus so much on what we don't have that we fail to see, appreciate, and use what we do have!”
One of the main reasons that we lose our enthusiasm in life is because we become ungrateful..
“Be thankful for what you have; you'll end up having more. If you concentrate on what you don't have, you will never, ever have enough”
Everything you do is based on the choices you make.
When you learn to accept instead of expect. You'll have few disappointments.
Sometimes the path can seem a bit lonely. That's okay. Keep walking anyway.
Just because you are struggling does not mean you are failing. Every great success requires some kind of struggle to get there.
There's no perfect life but we can fill it with perfect moments.
Life never seems to be the way we want it, but we live it the best way we can.
People may doubt what you say, but they will always believe what you do. Words will be words until you bring them to life.
I had many teachers that were great, positive role models and taught me to be a good person,.
I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others.
“If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.”
Be Kind, it's always remembered. Be Grateful, it's never forgotten. Love - it's the greatest reward that you can afford.
@mgeronimoguru 
@rukia_caev 
@rukia_caev  It's been awhile,. :)
Happiness is not determined by what’s happening around you, but rather what’s happening inside you.
If you don’t like something, change it.  If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.
There are things that we don’t want to happen but have to accept, things we don’t want to know but have to learn,..
Making one person smile can change the world – maybe not the whole world, but their world.
It’s better to be alone than to be in bad company.
As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have more friends and more important to have real ones.
There is always something to learn, something to let go or something to be thankful for. :)
Thank God for your life today, for your family, your home. Many people don't have these things &amp; are praying for what you take for granted.
No matter how bad we think our lives are today, we need to wake up with a thankful heart and appreciate all that God has blessed us with.
Life has taught more often then once, that God will give you what you need when you need it, in the meantime, be patient and thankful! :)
I need to stop worrying about the future and be THANKFUL for what I have been blessed with so far. :)
To let go is to be thankful for the experiences that made you laugh, made you cry, and made you grow.
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
EXPERIENCE is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
My favorite thing about summer is having a valid excuse for my excessive sweating. :))

MOTHERS are the sweetest gift from Gods to us. There is no way we can ever really thank our mother for all she does for us.
Talk less, say more, hate less, love more, and good things will be yours.
Look for what is good,.

Reflect on all the blessings in your life. Appreciate them!
As Christians we can rejoice even in tough times because we have hope and because we know that GOD is working in our lives.
Prayers go up and blessings come down.
Sometimes we don't realize the blessings we have until we no longer have them. Appreciate all the blessings in your life,
A blessed Sunday everyone,. :) 
Ok summer I'm sorry for bad mouthing you bout being so hot,
During the summer I could stay up so late without any problem, :')
Someone asked me what book I read of the summer. I replied with, "Facebook."
Waking up and not having school, I love summer.
I'm glad it's finally hot enough to complain about how hot it is.
Live with intention.
Appreciate your friends.
@kyujongfacts Yes please,I want to know the answer,. :)
@kyujongfacts yes,
@kyujongfacts Yes,
@kyujongfacts got it,
@kyujongfacts pls go on, I enjoy reading your tweets as well as the photos, thanks,.:)
“Do not lose hope — what you seek will be found. Trust  those that you have helped to help you in their turn.
“Never trust anyone, especially the people you admire. Those are the ones who will make you suffer the worst blows.”

If you don't like how things are, change it! :)
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
I'm free to be what I want. :)
Learn from the past,. :)
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Thank you Lord,. :) 
Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. :)

At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
When the day has ended, dare to feel as you’ve done your best. :)
Do what you think is right. Don't let people make the decision of right or wrong for you.
The most powerful relationship you will ever have is the relationship with yourself.
Within ourselves we all have the gifts and talents we need to fulfill the purpose we've been blessed with.
@rukia_caev Dare to be the best you can –  At all times,. :)
@rukia_caev  When you feel great, dare to help someone else feel great too. :)
@rukia_caev  You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable. :)
The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same. :)
It only takes a split second to smile and forget, yet to someone that needed it, it can last a lifetime.
When you change for the better, the people around you will be inspired to change also....but only after doing their best to make you stop.
Let today be the day.You stand strong in the truth of your beauty &amp; journey through your day without attachment to the validation of others.
Today is a new day!  Many will seize this day.  Many will live it to the fullest.  Why not you?”
“Life doesn’t get easier or more forgiving, we get stronger and more resilient.”
You are beautiful. Your beauty, just like your capacity for life, happiness, and success, is immeasurable.
It is important that we forgive ourselves for making mistakes. We need to learn from our errors and move on.
“You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.”  :)
Shake things up today! Be You...Be Free...Share. :)
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Let today be the day…You look for the good in everyone you meet and respect their journey.
“The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it's all that matters.”   Hello @rukia_caev, miss you friend. It's been awhile,.
Promise yourself  to be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
You'll never be happy if u continue to search for what happiness consists of.You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
If you do good, people will accuse you of selfish ulterior motives. Do good anyway.
A glad heart makes a person's face beautiful.
A person who shows thoughtfulness reaps RESPECT.
Keep people in your life who truly love you, motivate you, encourage you, enhance you and make you HAPPY. :)
Happy birthday! :)) 
Give up pleasing everyone,.
Be careful of the words you say, Keep them short and sweet. You never know,  from day to day, which one you'll have to eat.
Not all things that you learn are taught to you, but many things that you learn you realize you have taught yourself.”
To learn something new is a timeless pleasure and a valuable treasure. :)
“Anything that you learn becomes your wealth, a wealth that cannot be taken away from you.
As you go about your daily life, you will encounter many lemons. Sour expressions, sour attitudes, sour auras!,..
“Because I don't live in either my past or my future.I'm interested only in the present."
Your success and happiness lie in YOU.
“see beyond the eyes can see, believe beyond the inspiration!”
“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on.
... things don't happen the way you think they're going to happen,
The person in life that u will always be w/ the most is yourself. Because even when you are with others, you are still with yourself, too!
Things end.People leave, &amp; you know what? Life goes on. Besides, if bad things didn't happen, how would you be able to feel the good ones?”
“No one loses anyone, because no one owns anyone. That is the true experience of freedom.
“No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow.”
A good person would never be alone. Hello @rukia_caev  How are you doing! Be happy always,. :)
MOTIVATION is what gets you started. HABIT is what keeps you going. :)
Many trials exist because we need to exercise ONE thing: F-A-I-T-H!
Make HAPPINESS your priority. It's necessary. :))
“EASTER,.. it's a second chance.”
@rukia_caev True happiness is found in unselfish Love, A love which increases in proportion as it is shared.
You will never know true happiness until you have truly loved,.
Sometimes your JOY is the source of your smile, but sometimes your SMILE can be the source of your joy.
There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
May the Peace of Christ be in your heart always. Happy Easter!
There's some good in this world and it's worth fighting for.
DREAMS are forever.
IMAGINATION has no age.
Laughter is timeless,. :)
Holy Week,
@rukia_caev Hello., :)
@rukia_caev  hello, how are you? Its been a while, be happy always,
Off for a Holy week vacation,
I died for you... and I will LOVE you forever.... JESUS
No one in history has ever choked to death from swallowing his pride. :')
Make a habit of two things: to help or at least to do no harm.
NEVER lie to yourself,.
Don't WORRY about what other people SAY behind your back,.
When you've done something wrong, admit it and be sorry,. :)
Inspiring Generation,.
Don't be negative when you have so much to be positive about,. :)
Never forget how blessed you are,. :)
@rukia_caev  Hello friend. It's been awhile. :)
You have a choice,.. :)
It's just a bad day, not a bad life,.. :) How are you friend?  @rukia_caev  Be happy always,. ;)
Kyu's always calling Triple S like this^^
#Happy28thKyuJong 
Happy birthday to SS501's Center Kyu Jong 
#Happy28thKyuJong 
【Today's Birthday】2/24はSS501のキム・キュジョンの誕生日！ 
#Happy28thKyuJong Happy happy birthday to my dear "Center" Kyu!,. all the BEST! SS501 Forever! Saranghae!,. :)
#Happy28thKyuJung Saranghae my Kyu,. :)
Sleeping is not taking rest for today's hardwork, it means gaining energy for tomorrow's smart work. Good night,. :)
Expect nothing,..
Prepare for the worst,..
HOPE for the BEST. :)
LOVE is what we need,. :) 
Don't get discouraged, things will work out.  :)
@rukia_caev  Good night, be safe always,. :) 
Keep trying, keep believing. Be HAPPY,. :)
@rukia_caev Sometimes you have to stop thinking so much and go where your heart takes you. Take care and be happy always my friend,. :)

Happy Lunar New Year!, work hard and stay HAPPY!,. :)) 
@rukia_caev Hello my friend. I hope 2014 will bring you more luck and blessings!,. all the BEST!,. :)
@allkpop such a lucky girl,... whoever she is!
What a busy day!,... editing test questions,. :( Hello my friend @rukia_caev have a great day ahead!, :)
@rukia_caev  Hello my friend. Happy Holidays!,. :)
@rukia_caev I'm good but feeling sad because of what happened to my countrymen hit by super typhoon. My heart really breaks,. :(
My Otter Prince,.. so sweet!,... missing you. 
@rukia_caev  It's been a while, how are you my friend? Keep safe and be happy always,. :)
@rukia_caev Hello my friend. It's been a long time. How are you these days? I hope you are having a good time. :)
Barefoot Friends,...
HOPE for the BEST,. :) Be safe always @rukia_caev
Give EVERYDAY the chance to become the most beautiful of your life. @rukia_caev  Have a great day my friend. :)
@rukia_caev Hello friend, how are you? Be safe and happy always, :)
I like my bed but I'd rather be in yours, :) see you in my dreams. Saranghae,. :) 
Water, water, water everywhere = FLOOD! 
No work today due to heavy rains, how are you my friend? @rukia_caev  keep safe always,. :)
Rainy Sunday, hello friend?,. @rukia_caev  keep safe always,. :)

@rukia_caev Just drop by to say HELLO. Be happy always my friend. :)
We must continue to walk by FAITH. :')
Many times we do not have all the answers to why things happen,..
The most beautiful things in LIFE are not seen but felt by heart,. :') Be happy my friend @rukia_caev
Watching Barefoot Friends online,  Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
No work, but can't go out, it's raining. Hello my friend, @rukia_caev  have a nice day,. :)
@0Evy0 @loveKHJ that's so sweet,. :)
SS501 Forever!,. :')
More birthdays to come,.. more blessings to my Pretty Baby HyungJun. Saranghae,. :)
Your Story,.. Kim Hyun Joong! :')
@rukia_caev I hope you're feeling better now. Happy weekend,. :) Fighting!
@Kayoungogo @kyujongfacts Our Otter Prince,. sooo cute!
@ActorLeeMinHo Hello, a fan from the Philippines saying good luck in all your endeavors. Keep safe always. :)
@triplesph Oh, we will be missing our Otter Prince. Yes!, make us proud! :)
@ActorLeeMinHo nice photo,. sooo good looking!,. :)
Good night, sleep well,. @rukia_caev 
@rukia_caev Enjoy your weekend my friend,. :)
@rukia_caev  Happy Sunday! :)) 
“Everything is possible for him who believes.”
My life isn't perfect, but I am GRATEFUL.  Hello friend, :) @rukia_caev
"LOVE is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic.”
“Life is difficult for everyone. We all have stress and we all need someone in our lives that we can lean on.”  Happy Sunday @rukia_caev :)
CHALLENGES are what make life interesting and overcoming them is what makes life meaningful. :)
I’ve learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. :)
@rukia_caev Hello friend. Happy weekend,. :)
@rukia_caev  Hello friend, be happy always,. :)
LIVE more, complain less,. :')
Be THANKFUL and stop complaining,. :')
Appreciate what you have,.. Hello @rukia_caev
As you waste your breath complaining about life, someone out there is breathing their last,.
Time to sleep, good night, @rukia_caev  :').... Zzzzzzz 
Before I sleep, I count my blessings instead of problems. I make sure I sleep happy and grateful. Good night. :')  @rukia_caev
Life's not about the people who act true to you face. It's about the people who remain true behind your back. - :')
"Don't be afraid of CHANGE. You may end up losing something good, but you will probably end up gaining something better." :')
Its funny how you can do nice things for people all the time and they never notice. But once you make one mistake, its never forgotten. :'(
Being sad with the right people is better than being happy with the wrong ones. :))
Never regret something that made you smile, :'))
Always put yourself in the other's shoes. If you feel that it hurts you, it probably hurts the person too. :')
@rukia_caev Love this HJL's pic, so funny!, hope you like it too,. :')) 
@rukia_caev Hello friend. How are you? I've been soooo busy with work for months, but I'm good. Be happy and safe always my friend,. :')
The reason I don't give up,.... miracles happen everyday!,. :') Hi @rukia_caev  be happy,. :'))
Live your LIFE for what tomorrow has to offer, not for what yesterday has taken away,. :') Hello @rukia_caev  have a great day!,. :')
Been busy lately due to the merging ,. ;') Hello friend  @rukia_caev
@rukia_caev Hello friend. How have you been? I'm quite busy these past months, and so are you. Be safe always,. :')
HJL on the way to Indonesia,. :') Hello @rukia_caev be happy always,. :') 
@rukia_caev I'm good. It's summer and it's so HOT here. I will be having an overnight come April 19 &amp; 20 w/ friends. We will go to the beach
Hello friend, @rukia_caev how have you been these days? Take care and be safe always,. :')
Some people come in your life as  blessings. Some come in your life as lessons. Have a great day! @rukia_caev
Be HAPPY, it's Friday!,.. :')  @rukia_caev
Congratulations!,. Grade V Ten Outstanding Pupils2012-2013 

It's SUMMER!,. :') so, so HOT! 
Many times we do not have all the answers to why things happen,...
Everyday is a blessing. Every awakening is enough gift from GOD. Have a great day! :') @rukia_caev
Nothing is impossible when the heart understands,.. :')
@rukia_caev  so good indeed!,. :'))
@rukia_caev This one is HOT and SEXY, huh!, super love it!!! Ahahahahah! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :'))
@SS501tv @ihyajaejong13 the many (cute) faces of HJL, love it!,  :')
LIFE is truly wonderful and great with friends around. Have a great day @rukia_caev 
Weekend!, it's good to just stay home and rest,. Happy weekend, @rukia_caev 
There is no real definition of good day or bad day. It all depends on us and our thoughts that either we run the day or the day runs us. :')
@rukia_caev Hello friend. I hope you're doing fine. Take care always,. :')
it's raining hard!!!,.. :'(
one more class,..... :'(
test papers,... :'(
sleepy,... :'(
What is KHJ doing?,. :') 
KHJ Peru fanmeet,. :') 
the lucky dog and it's master KHJ,. :') 
KHJ, playing bubbles just like a kid,.. :')) 
Try this,.. you'll love it!,. :') 
love these,. :') 
coffee break!,.. want some?,. :') 
What a beautiful day!,. :') 
Ready,. one,. two,.. three,... SMILE!,. :') 
Bounce back and do your BEST! Happy Wednesday everyone! :') @rukia_caev
LOVE yourself and others. Always remember, just keep moving FORWARD. Have a happy day friend! @rukia_caev 
peace everyone!,. :') 
Have a great day everyone! @rukia_caev :')
Never stop learning because LIFE never stops teaching. How are you friend? @rukia_caev  be safe always,. :')
@SS501tv @lauraventocilla HJL is so sexy and sooooo HOT! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
I may not be perfect but I don't need to be,.. :') How are you friend? @rukia_caev
I don't pretend to be someone I'm not, because I'm good at being ME. Have a happy day my friend @rukia_caev :')
I might not be someone's first choice, but I'm a great choice,.. :') hello friend @rukia_caev have a great day!
@marcelabondim You're a lucky girl,. :'))
Sa kabila ng lahat,..... kaysarap pa ring maging Pilipino!, proud to be a FILIPINO! 
27th EDSA People Power Revolution. Mabuhay ang PILIPINAS! Mabuhay ang lahing PILIPINO! 
@2kjdream Good health today and always! Happy happy birthday! SS501 Forever! :') #501KyuDay
@2kjdream May you have more birthdays to come! Happy happy birthday! Saranghae!,. :') #501KyuDay
@2kjdream Happy happy birthday! , more blessings to come! Saranghae,. :') #501KyuDay
@2kjdream Happy happy birthday my dear Kyu! Wishing you all the best life has to offer. May GOD grant all your heart's desire. #501KyuDay
@SakuraDream501 @ssektmf501 Nice photo! SS501 forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
@hyuniversal0606 @wengvann So happy to see you both,... HJL and Baby Jun. SS501 forever!
@KRIS_0707 Our prince is so cute! Saranghae Young Saeng!,. :')
@HeneciaMelz78 @Khjlovesbuin @lyna0606 HJL, seriously thinking of something else,. :'))
Waiting for the concert "Silent Sanctuary" and for finale ....fireworks display,... :')    Aming Tribo 2013
@rukia_caev Ahahaha!, no date?,.. be happy!,. :')
@rukia_caev  Same here my friend! Be happy all the time,. :')
@loving_khj  HJL, a happy guy!,. :')
@loving_khj Hahaha! HJL looks serious here,.. be careful!,. :')
@loving_khj Ahahaha!, this is cute! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')


Be yourself. An original is always worth more than a copy.  How are you friend? @rukia_caev  :')
ASH WEDNESDAY,.. repent and believe in the Gospel.
Everyone can do something. Hello friend :') @rukia_caev
Aming Tribo 2013,. :')
@SakuraDream501 @juyeun31 HAPPY together,. HJL and Baby Jun,. :')
@Hey_Au @juyeun31 Happy together,. :')
@FlywithSS501 It's so nice to see them together,.. the Leader and the Baby,. :')
@wengvann my pretty Baby Jun,. :')
@Hyun_jooong_ @KRIS_0707 What a beautiful smile!,. really makes me happy! Saranghae HJL,. :')
@DeannaDsc nice photo! miss them,.. Baby Hyung &amp; HJL together,. :')
@kjwhjb_ @twiipleS Baby!,. :')
@rukia_caev HJL is so cute here,.. the smile!, Love it!,. :')
@SS501tv @HyundhaTriples Bonding time, such a lovely photo!, like it much!,. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
@SS501tv @SsaihJoong  Pretty ladies indeed! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
TIME is one of life's best gift, time to listen, time to learn, time to dream, time to love, time to cherish life's blessings,. :')
Finding nice persons in this complicated world is truly a magical thing,. :')
A beautiful life does not just happen. It is built daily by prayer, humility, sacrifice and LOVE. :')
Life's like a wheel,.. an endless cycle. Today you're down, tomorrow you're up. If you quit, then you're a loser.. :')
Failures are part of life. If you don't fail you don't learn. If you don't learn, you'll never change. :')
SMILE!!! @rukia_caev  LIFE is good when you are HAPPY!,. :')) 
Be HAPPY!, enjoy the rest of the day!,. @rukia_caev 
Thank you GOD for this brand new day! Good morning friends, @rukia_caev  have a happy day!,. :')
EVERYDAY is GOD's answer to our daily prayer, to live another day, to make things right &amp; be able to say "THANK YOU LORD!"
@rukia_caev Hello, What's wrong?, what makes my friend sad? Please don't be, there are more things to be happy about,. :')
@rukia_caev HJL, how can you be so handsome, huh!,. :')
@rukia_caev busy weekend, have to bring home some paperworks,. enjoy your weekend friend,. :')
@rukia_caev Hope you will have a great year ahead. Happy New Year my dear,. :')
Hello, I hope you had a great Christmas. Here's a wish for a more fruitful New Year! Be safe always,. :') @rukia_caev 
Have a great Year ahead,. :') @rukia_caev 
Happy New Year everyone!,. :") @rukia_caev
Happy Holidays!,. :') @rukia_caev
Dear Santa,. :') 
MERRY CHRISTMAS everyone!,. :') 
CHRISTMAS is just around the corner,. :')
Sometimes, people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just by what they are. #UnlimitedOnly1KHJ,.. :')
#UnlimitedOnly1KHJ,. HJL, you deserve a break,. :')
#UnlimitedOnly1KHJ,.. HJL on a Christmas trip!, :')
@triplesph @wengvann Such a pretty baby Hyung Jun,.#UnlimitedOnly1KHJ
#UnlimitedOnly1KHJ doing great!, :')
#UnlimitedOnly1KHJ HJL's album., :')
In LIFE, it's not where you go, it's who you travel with,. :')
Time and things don't really last.What matters are the people we care about and the values we dare to live and share. :')
You may end up where you thought you'd be, but you always end up where you're meant to be. :')
Among the things you can give and still keep are your WORD, a SMILE and a grateful HEART. Be safe always @rukia_caev  :')
Always believe something wonderful is going to happen,. :')  @rukia_caev hello,
Sometimes, people come into your life not to love you, but to make you feel that you are worth loving. :')  Hello friend @rukia_caev
GOD has always something for you, a key for every problem, a relief for every sorrow and a plan for every tomorrow. :')
LIFE fails to be perfect, but never fails to be beautiful. Hello friend, @rukia_caev
@Violet606 This is just perfect! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
@kyujongfacts My Pretty Baby Hyung Jun!, :')
@kyujongfacts My only one!,. :'))) Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!
@kyus4kj  I want to have one. Kyu is so cute here,. :')
@kyujongfacts Love these photos, Jung Min so cute here,. :')
FAITH is the substance of things hoped for,. the evidence of things not seen. :')
@SakuraDream501 Very nice photo! I love this guy! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
Never get tired of doing things for others. Sometimes those little things occupy the biggest part of their hearts. :')
:'))...
A very hot Saturday afternoon,. :') @rukia_caev
@kyujongfacts Same here, nice calendar,. miss Kyu,. :'(
@501quoteSS [GAME#5] Kim Hyung Jun
@colorfullshine @501quoteSS [GAME#3] Kim Hyun Joong
@kyujongfacts hi,. :')
When yesterday was a disappointment &amp; today isn't better,remember there's always tomorrow,so make it something to look forward to &amp; SMILE,
@rukia_caev  when you think you're not happy with your life, always think that someone is happy simply because you exist. :')
Do what your heart tells you,. :')
@rukia_caev That's right, keep on smiling!, go for the happy thoughts, i'm pretty sure it will make you happy,. :'))
Go for that one thing that will make you truly happy,.:')  @rukia_caev 
@rukia_caev Cheer up friend, there's a lot to be happy about. :')) 
@rukia_caev Indeed!, the one who makes me happy,. :')
Never ignore someone who cares for you,. :') 
You only have one LIFE, so live it right!,. :') 
Happy Friday morning everyone!,  @rukia_caev enjoy the rest of the day!,. :')
Let others get inspired by how you deal with imperfections,.. :')
There's no need to be perfect to inspire others. Hello friend! How are you?,. :') @rukia_caev
Work for a cause,.. :')
Live LIFE to express,. :')
A good LIFE is when you assume nothing, do more, need less, smile often, dream big, laugh a lot and realize how blessed you are. :')
Expect NOTHING and appreciate EVERYTHING. :')
Be HAPPY! Be yourself,.. :')
Got to sleep early. Good night friends, sweet dreams @rukia_caev
@rukia_caev Hello friend. I'm good, thanks for asking. Take care and be safe always,.. :')
@HeonYoungSaeng &lt; Hello, have a great day ahead. Take care and be safe always,..')
Good night everyone,.. :') 
LIFE is what you make it. :')
LIFE is a chance. Make sure to take it. :')
@youngstars710 I love them,. :')
LIFE is a journey. Find the right path.  :')
Live the best and leave the rest to GOD. :')
Sometimes, the hardest thing and the right thing are the same,.. :')
My life may not be perfect but I am blessed,.. :') Hi @rukia_caev  be safe always,. :')
I don't have everything that I want, but I do have all I need. :')
Appreciate what you have and what GOD has blessed you with,. :')
The smile on my face doesn't mean my life is perfect,.. :') 
Being HAPPY doesn't mean everything's perfect. It just means we have decided to see everything beyond the imperfection... :'))
Worrying,... you get stuck going over the same thing over and over again without making any progress,. :'(
got to go,.... :') 
Sleepy head,... good night everyone!,. :')
As we grow up, we realize it is less to have lots of friends, and more important to have real ones,. :')
FRIENDS are made by HEART, not by skin colour. Hello friend :')  @rukia_caev
:'),.. 
Hello friends! Have a nice day!,. :') @rukia_caev
PRC computerized na, sobrang bagal pa rin ng service,.. :'((
You'll never be successful if you don't encounter failure. Hello @rukia_caev  have a great day ahead,. :')
You'll never learn if you don't make mistakes,. :')
You'll never be brave if you don't get hurt,. :')
Make your happiness so cheap that everyone can get it for FREE,.. :'))
Make your anger so expensive that no one can afford it,. :'))
Be thankful for what you have,.. :') Hello @rukia_caev  have a great weekend friend,.. :')
LIFE is too short,. :')
@501quoteSS 6. #gueSSong KIm Hyun Joong
LOVE as long as you live,. :')
GOD's timing is always perfect,. :')
LAUGH as much as you breathe,. :')))
Be with who makes you SMILE. @rukia_caev hello,.. :')
Do what makes you HAPPY,. @rukia_caev   :')
GOOD friends don't let you do stupid things............ alone, :'))
We don't meet people by accident. They are meant to cross our path for a reason. Hello @rukia_caev :')
Off to bed,. sooo sleepy,. good night everyone, @rukia_caev  be happy always!,. :')
Do all things with LOVE,. :')
YOU should know where to stand,. :')
You should know your limits,. :')
Have FAITH that things will work out, maybe not how you planned but just how it's meant to be. :')  Be safe always @rukia_caev
Be HAPPY and enjoy the time you spend with your loved ones. :')  Hello @rukia_caev
LIFE is short, don't waste it. :')
It's getting late, got to sleep. Good night everyone! @rukia_caev ,. :')
What's up @rukia_caev ?,.. Be happy always,. :')
got to sleep early, @rukia_caev good night,.. :')
:'(( ... can't do anything anymore, got to report for work
am not ready for work,. :'(
bulletin board, grading sheets, report cards, test questions, and a lot more,.. :'((
back to work tomorrow,. :'(
vacation is over,. :'(
Moon embracing the Sun,. :'(
Happy halloween!,. :') Hello @rukia_caev
@kyujongfacts Wow! SS501 forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong Leader!,. :')
What a long day! I'm off to bed. Good night everyone,. :') 
@Little Flower Retreat House, Baguio City. It's raining and it's sooo cold,. :')
Off to Baguio City tomorrow,.. retreat,. :')
raining,. :'(
@rukia_caev Hello, :') nice to hear from you. I'm good, thanks for asking. How about you? Have a happy day! Take care,. :')
@rukia_caev Love these guys! SS501 forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :'))
Good morning everyone!,. :')) Hello @rukia_caev Have a great day!,. :')
GOOD FRIENDS don't let you do stupid things,........... alone!,. :')) 
@kyujongfacts Whoah! looking very good Kyu! SS501 forever!,. :')
@SS501tv Ahhh! This guy has the cutest and charming smile ever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
@SS501tv This video made me laugh so hard! Thanks to HJL's cute English. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :'))

Sleepy, good night,. :') 
I miss you,. :'( 
you say it best, when you say nothing at all,. :')
To be HAPPY!,.. it's all I want!,. :')) 
@rukia_caev Nice photos! HJL is so good looking, with a very cute smile. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.:')
@rukia_caev  Hahaha! I have my version of this too,. :')) how are you friend?,. be happy!,. :')))
LIFE is whatever you want it to be,.. :')
From our darkest trials come our BEST blessings. :')
If things are going bad, don't worry, it won't last forever,.. :')
Everything in life is temporary.So, if things are going good, enjoy it because it won't last forever. :')
Things happen perfectly in time. :')
@rukia_caev Hahahaha! you're right! :'))
@rukia_caev  :')))...  this is really HOT and SEXY!,. super love it!,. :')) what do you say?,..
@rukia_caev Hello friend. Have a nice Sunday afternoon., a short break from work. I love the SS501 photo, cute!, :')) miss these guys,.. :'(
In life, we never lose friends. We only learn who the TRUE ones are,.. :')
@rukia_caev Hahaha!, we really work hard. We have to find some time to relax a bit. Take care and stay happy always my friend. :')
@rukia_caev hello friend, how are you today?,. stay happy always,. :')
I will let my worries go,. :')
I do not need to fear anyone or anything,. Thank you LORD. :')
Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time. @rukia_caev Hello,. :')
Happy happy birthday Neng! GOD bless you more,. :')
@rukia_caev Thanks friend. Have a happy Sunday. Take care and be safe always. :')
It's a long day, got to sleep now. Good night @rukia_caev  sweet dreams!, :')
@rukia_caev Hello my friend. It's a very beautiful place. I love it. :')
@mgeronimoguru Congratulations! I'm so proud of you!,. :')
MEMORIES are sweet, cherish them,. :')
Anger is BAD, drop it.. :')
LOVE is rare, grab it!,. :')
LIFE is short. Live it. :')
Do more of what makes you HAPPY,. :')
You can be who you really are,. :')
Count your blessings!,. :')
@HeonYoungSaeng Hello! Have a happy Sunday,. :')
@rukia_caev  Enjoy your Sunday my friend. Be safe always,. :')
WILLING is not enough.We must DO. :") Hello @rukia_caev  be happy!,. :'))
Everything will work out. Things will get better. Happy Sunday everyone,. :')
@rukia_caev Hi my friend. I got sooo much work to do these past days,.. so busy,. :'((
@rukia_caev  Hello my friend, been sooo busy the past few days. miss you too. Take care always,.:')
LIFE is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced., :')
@rukia_caev  So sad to hear that my friend. It's weekend, get some  rest,. :')
@HeonYoungSaeng  Hello, enjoy your weekend. Be safe always,. :')
LIFE is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced., :')
Being HUMBLE is more important than being wise,. :')
Why is it when you're looking forward to something, the days go slower,.. :'(
Some people are so important in our life, not because we enjoy their company but because we feel so lonely in their absence. :')
The happiest people don't have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything. :')
@mgerinomoguro I hope your weekend will be filled with Smi)es,. :') and laughters,. :'))) @rukia_caev, @HeonYoungSaeng, @akosihart430
Good morning! Enjoy your weekend,. :') @mgeronimoguro, @rukia_caev
@kyujongfacts Fine here in the Philippines. Thanks for your concern,. :')
@rukia_caev Take care,. enjoy your weekend friend. :')
@rukia_caev  I wish you happiness too my friend! Enjoy life,. :')
@nengski2011 #angsipag! Keep it up Paula! I'm so happy for you,. :')
@nengski2011 Wow! The anwers are all correct., very good Paula!, very smart!,. :')
@rukia_caev Have a happy day friend! Take care always,. :')
@rukia_caev You're right friend. These errors/ mistakes make us a better person. :')
@rukia_caev Thanks a lot friend. Be safe  always,. :')
EVERYTHING happens for a reason. :')
YOU and only you are responsible for every decision and choice you make. :')
@rukia_caev Everything you do is based on the choices you make. :')
LIFE teaches us to make good use of TIME, while time teaches us the VALUE of LIFE. :') Good morning friends, @rukia_caev
Off to bed, good night everyone!,. :') 
If someone does not appreciate your presence, make them appreciate your absence.Hi friend,.. @rukia_caev
FAITH,.. sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable, receives the impossible. Hello friend,. :') @rukia_caev
True strength is being MATURE enough to walk away from nonsense with your head high,..
GOD keeps you going,. :')
FAILURES keep you humble,. :')
SORROWS keep you human. 
Being strong doesn't always mean you have to fight the battle. :')
Trials keep you strong,. :') 
HAPPINESS keeps you sweet!,.. :') @rukia_caev
Be yourself and the right people will love the real YOU,.. :')
Don't change so people will like YOU,. :') @rukia_caev
There is no greater wealth in the world than PEACE of MIND,. :')
Nice day everyone! Hello @rukia_caev
@HJLfacts  Hahaha! I love it!,. ;'))
Grading sheets,.. Learning plan,.. Co curricular Club,.. what to do???,.. :'((
Sometimes YOU just HAVE to PiCK yourself UP and caRRy on,.. :')
My personality is me, my attitude depends on YOU,.. be safe always @rukia_caev
Long weekend is over, got to work again tomorrow,. :'(
FRIENDS are like stars, you can't always see them, but you know they're always there,. :') Hello friend,.. @rukia_caev
BEST people give memories,. :')
Worst people give a lesson,. :'(
Bad people give experiences,. :'(
Good people give HAPPINESS. :')
Never blame anyone in your life. :')
Do what you feel in your heart to be right., :')
Falling down is part of life, getting back up is living. :')
LIFE is too short to be anything but happy,. :') @rukia_caev
LOVE the people who treat you right. Pray for the ones who don't. :')
@rukia_caev Thanks a lot friend. Have a great weekend!,. :')
Forget the bad and focus on the GOOD!,. :')
Surround yourself with people who make you LAUGH. :')) @rukia_caev
There comes a time in life when we walk away from all the drama and people who create it. ;')
Perhaps our eyes need to be washed by our tears once in a while, so that we can see LIFE with a clearer view again. Hi, @rukia_caev,. :')
The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be ACCEPTED.
Happy Saturday everyone!,. :') @rukia_caev
@rukia_caev  Hello friend , been very busy these past days. You're right, got much much work! Thanks!, be happy and safe always,. :')
Anything is possible,. :')
Attract positive things in your LIFE,.. :')
Just think of HAPPY things,. :')
Change your thoughts, change your LIFE. :') Happy weekend @rukia_caev
Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying,.. peace, health and LOVE. @rukia_caev
It is always a choice out of your own free will to change. Hello friends,. :') @rukia_caev
@KimHyunJoong_09  Hi! What's up? Good to hear from you.  :')
LIFE is all about how we look at it!,. :')
Every journey begins with the first step. Hello friends, take care always,. :') @rukia_caev
@rukia_caev Anyone can make you SMILE or cry, but it takes someone special to make you smile when you already have tears in your eyes,. :')
@rukia_caev  Hi friend. How are you? How's work? Wish you're doing good everyday. Stay happy and safe always,. :')
Thank you LORD. Good night friends, @rukia_caev,. :')
@nengski2011  Ayos naman kami dito, salamat. Walang pasok ngayon, suspended. Kumusta c Iko? Ingat din kayo dyan. Hugs &amp; kisses 2 Paula,. :')
sleeping time,. :') 
Choose to live a HAPPY LIFE!,. :')
HAPPINESS is a choice.LIFE is not about pleasing everybody.  :')
Be HAPPY! Be who you want to be. If others don't like it, let them be. :')@rukia_caev
If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place,. :')
If you don't ask, the answer is always a NO. :')
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. :')
It's raining the whole day. :'((
@rukia_caev  HJL loves to sleep,. :'))
@rukia_caev Hahaha! He must be tired, just finished the dance rehearsal .:')) he's so cute!
Sleepy,. good night friends,. :') @rukia_caev
Every little SMILE can touch somebody's HEART., :')
No one is born HAPPY, but all of us are born with the ability to create HAPPINESS,. :')
Nobody said LIFE would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it., :')
If you get a CHANCE --- take it. If it changes your LIFE--- let it., :')
Believe that everything happens for a reason,. :')
@rukia_caev Love the people who treat you right and forget the ones who don't., :')
Trust and let go,. :')
Raining,. :'((
Another new day,. another blessing from GOD. Have a good day friends,. :')
Have a nice weekend friends,. :')) @rukia_caev  stay happy and be safe always,. :')
Good night! Have a peaceful one,. :')  @rukia_caev
Sometimes,the people who are thousands of miles away from you can make you feel better than people right beside you., :')
I'm not saying I'm perfect, in fact I know I'm far from it. I'm just saying I'm worth it,. :')
LIFE is not going to be easy,. :'(
Waiting is painful; forgetting is much more painful,. :'(
Have a good night sleep everyone,. :') @rukia_caev
Have a good night sleep everyone,. :') @rukia_caev
@nengski2011 Tama!, hahahahaha!
@HeonYoungSaeng Nice morning! Be safe always!,. :')
Good morning friends! Have a great day!,. @rukia_caev,. :'))
Good night everyone! @rukia_caev sleep well,. :')
When people walk away from you, let them go,. :')
Never try to convince somebody of your worth,. :')
The most beautiful things in LIFE are not seen but felt by the HEART,. :')
Always be TRUE to yourself,.. :')
Respect yourself and be with people who truly value you,. :') Hi friends,. @rukia_caev be happy always,. :')
If the person doesn't appreciate you, they don't deserve you,. :')
@rukia_caev  Don't be sad. There are many reasons to be happy, your family, friends and love ones. Are they not enough?, cheer up!,. :'))
Waiting is painful,. :'(
@2kjdream  We will be missing you for sure. Take care always,. :')
Good luck Kim Kyu Jong! We will miss you for sure. Be healthy always. Remember, we are here waiting for your comeback. Saranghae!,. :')
I am the masterpiece of GOD. He gives me  beauty, knowledge and especially a unique personality. :')
Rainy day today and the coming days I think,. :'(
@SitangsPawnshop  thanks,. :')
What a long day! I am off to bed, good night everyone, :') @rukia_caev
Trust your life to be wonderful and it will be,. :')
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your LIFE. :')
Once you let go of negative people, positive ones appear,. :') Hello @rukia_caev
There are two things you shouldn't waste your time on: things that don't matter and people that think you don't matter. :')
All things come to an end,. :')
People come and go,. ;')
The best feeling of happiness is when you're happy because you've made somebody else happy. :')
Happiness is the purpose of LIFE, the whole aim and the end of human existence. :')  Hi,  @rukia_caev
It is not what we show off, but what we hide away that tells our truest story.
Your body makes you sexy. Your SMILE makes you pretty. But your personality is what makes you BEAUTIFUL,. :') @rukia_caev
The only thing that you can't recycle is TIME. Be careful and spend it well,.. :')
It's crazy how you do nice things for people all the time &amp; they never notice. But once you make one mistake, it's never forgotten,. :'(
My head says "Who cares?" But then my heart whispers, " You do, stupid! ",. :'(
@rukia_caev Wow! it's very nice!, want to be there someday to view it personally,. :')
@rukia_caev nice place,. :')
When you have someone whom you can be yourself and accepts cares for you in whatever circumstances,. that is a FRIEND. 
May we always realize how great is the LOVE of the LORD for us! Have a meaningful weekend everyone!,. :') 
Enjoy your weekend with a light heart. Have a great weekend everyone!,. :') @rukia_caev
Signing out, sooo sleepy. Good night everyone, @rukia_caev,.. :')
HAPPINESS is a choice,.
raining hard,. :'(
I love FRIDAYS!,.. :'))
Friday the 13th,... lucky day! Hello @rukia_caev have a great weekend!,.. :"))
Ang sambayanan ay nagluluksa,.. #RIPManongDolphy
Mananatili sa aming mga puso ang iyong alaala,.. paalam! #RIPManongDolphy
Value your friends,. :')  Hello @rukia_caev
LIFE is too short to argue and fight,.
raining,.. again!,.. :'(
LIFE is truly wonderful and great with friends around,. :') 
A true friend irritates like a brother,.. :'(
True friend teases like a Sister,. :')
A true FRIEND cares like a Mom,. :'))
TRUE friend scolds like a Dad,.. :'(
There's no better time to be happy but now,.. :'))
2NE1′s Dara reveals her eating habits 
We can never predict what tomorrow may bring,.. :')
FRIENDS care for you but they are not your family,. 
FRIEND,.. They love you but they are not your lover,. :') 
FEEL GOD in every gentle touch,. :') 
HEAR GOD in every caring word,. :') 
See GOD in every happy face,. :'))
The weather has become too unpredictable,.. :'(
There were hundreds of YESTERDAYS that passed &amp; more TOMORROWS still to come. But there's only one TODAY to enojy. @rukia_caev,. hello,. :')
@nengski2011 ok naman,buti naman at magaling na si Paula. Oo nga naman magbibirthday na sya. Hapi bday Paula! wawa naman pala si Buboy,. :'(
Kim Hyun Joong Makes Surprise Appearances in Record Stores in Tokyo:
BoA’s relationship status revealed by Super Junior’s Kyuhyun in ‘Sexy, Free &amp; Single’ album 
Yang Hyunsuk, “It pains me to see 2NE1” - 
Yang Hyunsuk, “It pains me to see 2NE1” - 
@rukia_caev  I'm good but quite busy because of so much paper works to do.  Thanks for the greetings! Take care and be happy always,. :')
:'),.  
What's nice about Thursday?,.. nothing except that the next day is Friday,. :')) Hi @rukia_caev
There's so much work to do,.. so tired!,.. :'(
It takes great courage to faithfully follow what we know to be true,.. :')

Value your time and make the most of it. A rainy afternoon,.. @mgeronimoguru,. @rukia_caev,..
“S” = “Superstar". 
“S” = "Singer". 
The combination of 5, 0, 1 symbolizes "five members united a ...
@kyujongfacts @SakuraDream501 Love it! Just feel sad that Kyu will be away for sometime. Anyway,GOOD LUCK! Be safe and healthy always,. :')
Raining hard!,.. :'(
@kyujongfacts I dooo!,. :')
Grow, glow, achieve, improve. Be better and be the BEST!,.. :')
@mgeronimoguru Your body makes you SEXY. Your SMILE makes you pretty. But your personality is what makes you BEAUTIFUL!,.. :') @rukia_caev
BIG things come from small beginnings!
FORGIVE and move on,.. :')
View problems as opportunities,.. :')
Let go and let GOD. :')
Drama Teaser for Kim Hyung Jun’s “Sorry I’m Sorry” revealed 
Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present, appreciate this day. Hello,. :') @rukia_caev 
@kyujongfacts Yes! praying for KYU's safe and healthy life. we'll wait for his comeback together with the other SS501 members. :')
@kyujongfacts Hello!,. nice to see them together. SS501 forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@rukia_caev  Good night friend, sweet dreams,. :')
@rukia_caev  Take care and be safe always!,.. :')
Have a good day everyone!,. @rukia_caev,.. ;') 
@rukia_caev Very nice photo! Love it! Been very busy lately. Take care always friend!,.. :')
@rukia_caev Same here friend. My work is giving me so much stress, very tiring. no choice but to do it. Be safe always!,.. :')
Good night everyone!,. :') ...... signing out,
@nengski2011 Tama! Good night,. :')
@nengski2011 12:15am, matatapos na,. :') inggit nga ako kay benjo, naghihilik na, hahahaha!
@nengski2011 malamang, dahil pag napuno ako malamang may mabugbog,. :'))
@nengski2011 Ay, ganon ba. Ako naman naglalaba, kasi simba bukas tapos plantsa, gagawa pa ng lesson plan, o di ba hectic ang sched ko, :'))
@nengski2011 Pag tinatanong ko ayos lang naman daw, sinabi ko na sa kanya un ng paulit ulit. Di ko lang alam kung naintindihan nya, hahaha!
@nengski2011 Ganon nga ginagawa ko, sumusunod naman kaso makakunsumi, ;'(
@nengski2011 Hay!, bawal magkasakit!,. :') get well soon Buboy,. :')
@rukia_caev hello friend. thanks!, been busy lately. How are you?,. :')
@rukia_caev Hi, I'm good, thank you for asking. I was so busy these past few days,.. :')
@nengski2011 Kanina un orientation 8-11am, sinamahan ko, tapos binalikan ko ng 3:30 kasi my klase pa sya after orientation,..
@nengski2011 Hay! mula umaga hanggang gabi walang tigil bibig ko sa kasasabi ng gagawin nya, walang alam gawin, gusto ko ng bugbugin,. :'))
@nengski2011 Happy father's day to Buboy! GOD bless,. :')
@nengski2011 Ok naman.Matagal ng wala c bamero dito. :')
@nengski2011 Ewan ko bukas kung anong mangyayari sa kanya., first day of sch kasi bukas.Binigyan ko 600. food allowance nya until Sat.
@nengski2011 Ilang araw pa lang gusto ko na bugbugin! ;'))) kunsumisyon, walang kaalam alam, lahat iniaasa.
@nengski2011 Ok naman. Nanggaling kami SM kanina, bumili ng sinturon kasi maluwag pantalon. Sabi ko pumili sya un mura l.
The only thing you can't recycle is TIME. Be careful and spend it well. Good afternoon friends,.. :')
AKING adhika, makita KANG sakdal laya!
Always believe that something wonderful is going to happen. Have a nice day!,. :') @rukia_caev
Get well soon Paula!,.. :')
INDEPENDENCE DAY!!!,.. nasaan???
Getting ready,.. :'))
@ladygaga Great! Let's all be HAPPY!,. :'))
Let's all be happy,. :')) 
@rukia_caev Good day to you friend. Be safe and healthy always,..  ;')
Nobody has a perfect life.Everybody has their own problems.Some people just know how to deal with it in a perfect way. Have a nice day! :')
Happiness depends upon OURSELVES. Happy Sunday morning friends!,. :'))
@nengski2011 Wawa naman Paula,. :'(
@nengski2011 Uso din 'yan dito, ubo saka sipon, dahil sa panahon,
@nengski2011 After lunch,.
@nengski2011 Oo nga, sayang naman, hehehehe, gud nyt! Ingat kayo palagi, hugs &amp; kisses to Paula,.. :'))
[Spoilers] Movie Review: ‘As One’ (‘Korea’) 
@TriaLucila2011 
When life puts you in tough situations, don't say WHY ME? Just say TRY ME!,. ;')
Sometimes you have to let things go, so there's room for better things to come into your LIFE. :') #Happy7thSS501
@rukia_caev @mgeronimoguru TRUE friends are like ANGELS, they are precious and rare,. :') #Happy7thSS501
Consider it done when you believe you really can! #Happy7thSS501,.. :')
People are like music. Some speak the truth while others are just noise. #Happy7thSS501
YOU are responsible for making LIFE beautiful. :')
Positive thinking means A CAN DO ATTITUDE. Let's get going!,. :')
It is not about who hurt you and break you down, it's about who was always there to make you SMILE again,.. :')
@rukia_caev @mgeronimoguru Always laugh when you can. It is a cheap medicine,.. :'))
KHJ@Shanghai Fanmeet. SS501 Forever! #Happy7thSS501
SS501 Forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. #Happy7thSS501
#Happy7thSS501 forever! More power!,. :')
@nengski2011  Buti ka pa, ako di pa nakalaba, tom my pasok pa, orientation namin. Tutuloy na ako balanga para sunduin c Benjo,. :'(
@rukia_caev GOD made FRIENDS to remind us to laugh a lot and to be silly sometimes. :'))
Fans celebrate SS501′s 7th anniversary 

@TriaLucila2011 
GIFTS don't come on special days, they come day by day. Have a nice day @rukia_caev,.. :'))
Every awakening is enough gift from GOD. :'))
EVERYDAY is a blessing!,.. :'))
GOD made FRIENDS because stories, dreams and prayers are meant to be shared. :'))Hi, @rukia_caev,..:')))
What do I like about FRIDAYS???,..... everything!,.. :')))
Kim Hyun Joong breaks first day record for most Weibo followers 
@nengski2011 Hehehe, ngaun ko lang napansin,..
@nengski2011 Sige, pagbutihin ang paglalaba,.. :'))
I LOVE my bed, but I'd rather be in yours,. :')) Good night friends!, sweet dreams @rukia_caev :') 
The first to forget is the HAPPIEST!,. :'))
The first to forgive is the STRONGEST!,. :')
NEVER make the same mistake twice.There are so many new ones. Try a different one each day. :'))
The first to apologize is the BRAVEST. :')
Be thankful for all the difficult people in your life.They have shown you exactly who you do not want to be. :')
TRUE friendship isn't about being inseperable, it's being separated and nothing changes. @rukia_caev hello,. :')
Forget what hurt you in the past. But never forget what it taught you. :')
@TriaLucila2011 
@nengski2011 How creative of you to make such beautiful toys!, very nice!, love it too,. :')
@alisongan1103 Too bad!,. :'(
Two years is quite long Kyu Jong! We will miss you for sure! SS501 FOREVER! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@iamjhosel What a lovely dog! Happy birthday Kim Hyun Joong!, all the BEST!,. :')
Happy happy birthday my Kim Hyun Joong! May u have more birthdays to come! Wishing u all the best in ur career &amp; personal life. Saranghae!

@rukia_caev Yeah!, you're right, a very, very LUCKY GUY!!! He's so blessed, with talents and good looks!,.. ;')) I really love this guy!
@rukia_caev Hahaha! Tha man of my dreams!,.. only in my dreams!!!,.. :')))
Aerobics! Go guys, you can do it!,.. :'))
Wellness day for the KGS Faculty &amp; Staff,.. :')
@rukia_caev You're right! Oh my!!!, love it! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@nengski2011 Wow! That's good to hear,.. :'))
@rukia_caev  Good day friend. Thanks for the very sexy pic of Leader KHJ, love it much! It's his birthday today. :')
SS501 reunites as one for Kyu Jong’s fanmeet 
@10asia_ Kim Hyun-joong's "City Conquest" local air date unsettled, pre-sold to 4 countries 
@10asia_ Kim Hyun-joong to hold joint concert with Naoto Inti Raymi next month 
SS501&amp;#39;s Kim Bids Fans Teary Farewell Before Enlisting 
Learn to relax and enjoy LIFE. Hello @rukia_caev.
@TriaLucila2011.  
@TriaLucila2011.  
@TriaLucila2011 
Good morning everyone! Have a nice day!, @rukia_caev,.
NANAY ng magiging anak ko.
SS501 Gets Together to Say Goodbye to Kim Kyu Jong 
SS501 reunites as one for Kyu Jong’s fanmeet 
SAD! We will be missing you Kim Kyu Jong! SS501 forever!,. :')
So sleepy,. can't stand it!,. :'((
As long as the relationship lives in the HEART, TRUE FRIENDS will never part,.:')
A strong friendship doesn't always need togetherness,. :')
A strong FRIENDSHIP doesn't need daily conversation.  :')
True friends are hard to find, harder to leave and impossible to forget,. ;')
Count your blessings instead of your crosses,. :')
It's raining hard! Good night friends, sleep well @rukia_caev ,. :')
@kyujongfacts I'm sad. we will miss you my dear,. :'(
@rukia_caev I'm sure with that coffee you will feel a lot better friend,. :')
Sorry to hear about that,.
What do I like about Fridays?,... EVERYTHING!!!,.. :')))  Be happy everyone! @rukia_caev,. :')  @mgeronimoguru,. :')
@nengski2011 Tama! kanya kanyang trip lang! Walang pakialaman,. hahahaha!
Good morning friends! Thank GOD it's Friday,. @rukia_caev Have a nice day!,. :')
@mgeronimoguru Tama! ang lakas ha!,. :'))
@rukia_caev Have a good night sleep my friend,. :')
@rukia_caev Yeah! I was able to control it and luckly finish with the session still awake, thanks friend,. :'))
@nengski2011 @DarrenCriss @chriscolfer So what nga naman, hehehehe!
@rukia_caev @CNBShin @LuCy_Uzoosina @mjjeje @shin_real @yelinamgil @hwoor019 @4D_Shillang Thanks! It feels so good to see this,..:')
Lunch break, next session at 1pm,. so sleepy,. :'(
@rukia_caev Wow! How did you do that friend? I need to trim down also. Would you like to give me some tips?,. :') thanks,
@rukia_caev Wow! enjoy your food my friend,. :')
It's late in the evening.Good night friends, @rukia_caev sleep well,. :')
Very tiring day today but fulfilling. Thanks GOD. Hello friends, @rukia_caev,.. ;')
@mgeronimoguru All of them,.. :')))
Another day, another blessing. We should always be grateful,.. :')
@rukia_caev, Happy Tuesday morning,.. :') Be safe always @mgeronimoguru,.. :')
sleepy,. good night friends, @rukia_caev. Sweet dreams @mgeronimoguru,. :')
@rukia_caev, Sometimes a single HELLO from someone is like a bit of sunshine in a cloudy day, brighten the day and warm the heart,.. :')
@nengski2011 ang galing mang-uto, hehehe!
@nengski2011 kayang kaya mo 'yan! Fighting!!! AJA!!!,. hahaha!
I won't apologize!,............ for who I am,. :')
Happy Monday friends, @rukia_caev ... @mgeronimoguru, thanks a lot for the nice photos, love it!,. :')
@nengski2011 Ay!, bakit?,... :')))  pag dalaga na dapat di na nagpapakarga, hehehe!
@nengski2011 Hahahaha! marunong ha, ok ang style nya!,  nakakatuwa naman,. :'))) ..... miss you Paula,
@nengski2011 Mas bilog mukha mo,  parehong nguso parang pati ilong pareho na rin, :')))  Actually mukhang pumayat sya pero tamang tama lang,
@nengski2011 Love this photo! Paula is so cute here parang yun mommy,.... joke yun!!! hahahaha!
@nengski2011 Wow! dami toys,..
@nengski2011 Ang cute naman ng Paula ko,. :') Ba't nagpapakarga pa, kala ko dalaga na,.
Happy Thursday morning everyone! HELLO @rukia_caev. :'))  Have a nice day @ngeronimoguru,.. :')
I like my bed but I'd rather be in yours,. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :') 
It is not happy people who are thankful. It is thankful people who are HAPPY. Thanks @rukia_caev ... SALAMAT @mgeronimoguru, :')
Be thankful for all the difficult people in your LIFE &amp; learn from them. They have shown you exactly who you do not want to be. :')
Live LIFE, laugh LOTS,.. LOVE forever! :')
We are never too old to set new goals or to dream another dream,. :')
Let your SMILE change the world, but don't let the world change your smile,.. :') @rukia_caev ,.. @mgeronimoguru :')
@rukia_caev So tired huh! Keep the phone and get some rest. :')
Nothing is impossible when the HEART understands.
Treasure every moment,. :')
We're all given the same number of hours each day. But the way we spend each second of those hours makes a great difference. :')
Your value in GOD's eyes never changes
@rukia_caev  Ok friend, have a good night sleep. Sweet dreams!,. :'))
Have a good rest friend, @rukia_caev :'))
Happy Tuesday morning everyone! @rukia_caev.  HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY @mgeronimoguru, have a blast!, :')
@mgeronimoguru Hahaha! Ano naman kaya ang ifofollow mo sa akin,. :'))
A relationship with GOD is important to me and it's the one I value the most. Have a safe trip @mgeronimoguru. Hello @rukia_caev :')
Worrying is wasting energy on the things you can't control. Hello @rukia_caev :')
Use things not people. LOVE people not things. Be safe everyone. @rukia_caev 
The MIND is a superb instrument if used rightly.
GOD's blessings are endless! Good morning everyone, :') @rukia_caev have a nice day!
Tired but happy. Just can't stop smiling for some reason. Life is great @ the moment. Hello friends,. :')  @rukia_caev 
I have no idea where I would be, what I would do, or how I could possibly live without those crazy people I call,..... MY FRIENDS. :')
I think I just can't handle this,. Oh my!!!,.. :'((
My heart is beating so fast!,.. :'))
Slowly but surely,. :')
The art of being HAPPY lies in the power of finding joy in ordinary things. Good day friends,.. :') @rukia_caev
Half day, done with today's activities. Go home in awhile,. @karito_caev have a good day!,. :')
Even if HAPPINESS forgets you a little bit, never completely forget about it. @rukia_caev be happy, enjoy your day,. :')
TAIWAN,.. :'(
Done with the  general assembly, free time until 3pm. Good day @rukia_caev ,. :')
@rukia_caev Hi! I love the photo, it's my dear Kim Hyun Joong! Thank you so much friend. You really make me happy. Take care always!,. :')
Every man got a right to decide his own destiny,.
Hello @rukia_caev It's been awhile. I hope you're well. Be safe always,. :')
Love HJL's new hair style. It really suits him well. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
When things aren't working out as you wish, be patient.
@rukia_caev I think you're right, thanks. Enjoy your day, :')
Sometimes what a person needs most is a hand to hold and a heart to understand, 
Never give up on someone you can't go a day without thinking about. Happy day!, @rukia_caev, :') 
Sometimes you have to accept that a person can only be in your HEART, but not in your LIFE. 
There's no reason not to follow your heart. Be happy always! @rukia_caev :') 
Let us be a blessing to others as we continue helping one another to shine. @rukia_caev Happy morning everyone!,. :')
Each day our goal is to touch one's heart, encourage one's mind and inspire one's soul. @rukia_caev Have a good day!, :')
Have a good night sleep everyone, :') @rukia_caev
@rukia_caev Hello, what's up?, been busy lately watching KHJ's fan meet video in Singapore. Amazing! Lucky fans, wish i was also there,. :')
Ahh, tired and sleepy. Good night friends @rukia_caev sleep well,. :)
Keep the faith. Hold on. Things will get better. It may be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
Singapore, here he comes! Make noise for our dear HJL! Saranghae KHJ!, :') 
Sometimes, we have to learn the hard way. Hello everyone, be happy @rukia_caev
Bad weather!,.. Raining but still very very HOT!,. :'((
Can't wait for this,.. 
If you are loved by others, that means you are doing something GOOD.
Worrying is wasting energy on the things you can't control. Enjoy life! :')
Beautiful day! @rukia_caev  Always continue the journey of being a channel of inspiration to every people.
Count the number of mornings in your LIFE. These are GOD's blessings added up to your answered prayers @rukia_caev Have a great day!, :')
@HJLfacts I will prepare good foods for him,whatever he wants I will do, :'))) #501day
@HJLfacts To a place that he likes most so that he and I will enjoy. #501day
Happy #501day! I love the weather today,. :')
Don't cry over the past, it has already gone.
LIFE is a circle, what goes up, goes down.
Happy people don't just accept change, they embrace it. :')
LIFE is GOD's gift to you. The way you live your life is your gift to GOD.
We keep looking forward for tomorrow, but really, there's no better time to be happy but NOW. :')
We always wait for the right time, not knowing that each time is right. :')
TODAY is another gracious gift from GOD. Happy Monday morning everyone. @rukia_caev  Start your day/week right. :')
Got to go. Tired and sleepy. Good night everyone. @rukia_caev have a restful night,. sweet dreams, ;') 
very very very HOT! :'(( 
Count your blessings  @rukia_caev  be happy, :')
In the presence of LOVE, miracles happen. 
WORK is LOVE made visible!
@rukia_caev I'm good. Just had my 1wk. out of town break. It was fun. I love the flowers KHJ is holding, very lovely, wish it's for me, :'))
A while ago it's very hot, now it's raining. What a weather!
Hello to all my friends.  @rukia_caev  hope you had a great day. Be happy!
What other people think of you is none of your business.
SUMMER na!!! Helllo everyone. @rukia_caev how are you. Be safe always.
@rukia_caev Thanks,.. :')
@rukia_caev  Oh, so sad,..
@rukia_caev SUMMER,.. bonding time with friends and loved ones. Have a great one,.. :) 
@rukia_caev SMILE,.. open your heart and be happy. 
FRIENDSHIPS multiply joy and divide grief. 
We know what we are, but know not what we may be.
You make a living by what you get, but you make a LIFE by what you give.
Happy Saturday morning everyone. Enjoy the rest of the day. @rukia_caev be HAPPY always,.. :)
@rukia_caev  Please don't be. Everything will pass. Give yourself a break, enjoy and have some fun with friends. Take care always,.. :))
Happy Friday the 13th everyone. Have a great weekend too. @rukia_caev be safe always,... :)
@KimbeomBOFans  Thanks for the beautiful photos of Kim Beom. BOF forever!,.. :')
Excited for tomorrow. We will go for swimming (overnight) @ Pundakit beach in Zambales, a very nice place. :')
Pundakit Zambales, we're coming!,.. :'))
Excited for tomorrow,.. ;'))
Good morning everyone. Just came from a days vacation.Feels so good. I hope you had a great time too! @rukia_caev Have a great day!, :)
@BlackRose50101 You are right. Park Jung Min and Leader Kim Hyun Joong are missed in this photo,.. :)
NOTHING IS PERMANENT. Don't stress yourself too much 'coz no matter how bad the situation is,.. it will change. @rukia_caev  Be safe always.
I finally realized that the only reason to live is to enjoy LIFE.
Don't be envious of those who have everything,be envious of those who have nothing but still have peace in their heart& living a HAPPY LIFE.
Put a smile on your face,.. :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101  Good afternoon! Nice photo of Kim Hyun Joong. I wish that he will be happy always! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong! :)
@AllAbout_SS501 Right. Park Jung Min is missed in the event. SS501 Forever! Saranghae Kim hyun Joong!,.. :')
@xiaochu1004  You're right, that's because of what Kyu is wearing that makes him look big. Saranghae SS501(forever!),.. :')
@501couplefacts  Exactly, because they did not break up. They will remain SS501 forever. Saranghae guys!,.. :')
@tanjieyee Hello, I believe so too. SS501 Forever!,.. :')
Every sacrifice has a fruitful reward, every failure has a second chance.
Always welcome a new day with a SMILE on your lips, LOVE in your heart & good thoughts in your mind & you'll always have a WONDERFUL DAY. :)
@HJLfacts  SS501 Forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@BlackRose50101 @JungMin0403  My beautiful Dark Angel Jung Min! Happy happy birthday! SS501 Forever!,.. :')
@HJLfacts @mystyle1103 YES! He will always be! SS501 Forever! Saranghae my Prince Young Saeng,.. :')
@HJLfacts  You're right!, our Kyu is very very CUTE! SS501 Forever!,.. :)
@HJLfacts  Yes, very young indeed, and so cute! SS501 Forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :)
A person's most useful asset is not the head full of knowledge, but a heart full of LOVE & an ear ready to listen & a hand willing to help.
@rukia_caev  Hello friend. Thanks for the greetings. Have a nice day,.. :)
@rukia_caev  The weather today is unpredictable. Happy Monday. Take care and be safe always,.. :)
@BlackRose50101 You're right! It's perfect!,.. :')
@OnlyThanKYU Nice photos! Kyu is so cute!,.. :)
@iamsuperbianca You were so beautiful, not only with this gown but all the gowns you wore last night. Congratulations!, job well done!,.. :)
Nice weather today! Enjoy your day @rukia_caev 
@501wangja @youtube  Thanks for sharing. Love it! Our Young Saeng is so cute here. SS501 forever!,.. :)
"Let all that you do be done in LOVE."  Happy Sunday everyone,.. :)
So sleepy, got to go. Have a good night sleep everyone especially to my friends,.. @rukia_caev... 
Ang gwapo ni Slater,.. :'))
Thank GOD not only for all the blessings but for the frustrations & pains w/c help us become a better person.
You don't need anyone's permission to do what you feel is right for you.
It'a a nice feeling when you think of someone,.... and smile,.. :)
Hello everyone. Make someone smile today,.. :')
@HJLfacts Beautiful indeed,.. :)
Hello everyone. The weather is not so good today,.. How are you  @rukia_caev  Be safe always,.. :)
Our LIFE is meant to be like the Sun. We may go down but on tomorrow, we will get back up. Rise and shine! Have a great weekend everyone!
Got to go., finished with my work. Be safe everyone!,.. :')
@rukia_caev  Have a good night sleep! Sweet dreams,.. :')
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 Hello admin, thanks for posting this pic. Love it much,.. Saranghae Kim hyun Joong!,.. :')
Challenges make us more responsible.
LIFE without struggle is life w/o SUCCESS. Happy FRIDAY morning everyone, especially to my friends, @rukia_caev , Hello, have a nice day.
Everyday,think about how rich u r, ur family is priceless, ur time is gold, ur health is wealth &amp; ur SAVIOR is the greatest TREASURE of all.
About to go home from work. To all my friends, take care and be safe always especially @rukia_caev,.. :)
@rukia_caev Hello, just finished with my lunch. How r u doing?, how's work,.. hope u have a nice day today. Be safe always,.. :)
Surround yourself with people who make you happy. They are the ones worth keeping in your life. Good day everyone!,.. :')
@rukia_caev  Today, holiday in my place of work. But tomorrow lots of work to do! Let's be positive! We can do it!,.. :))
@rukia_caev  It's alright friend, we all have those. You can do it! Fighting!,.. :)
Though I can't get everything I want, I'm still happy because I know GOD has something better for me,.. be happy!,.. :)
It's Monday, start your day/week right. A good day everyone! Take care and be safe always,.. :)
@rukia_caev  I'm good. It's very hot here in the Philippines. Please be happy,.. :)
@rukia_caev  Why? :'( .... What's wrong? What happened?,.. don't be,..
March 19  Feast Day of St. Joseph. Happy feast day!,.. :)
Happy Feast Day Josephs and Josephines!,.. :)
Personality &amp; attitude are not the same. My personality stays with me all the time, but my attitude depends on the person I am with,..
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Happy Monday morning everyone,.. :)
@HJLfacts  I'm good. miss u for some time ,. nice to hear from you,.. :')
Never regret anything that has happened in your life. Take it as a lesson learned and move on.
Happy weekend everyone,especially to my friends,.. @rukia_caev be safe always,.. :')
Happy happy birthday to my dear friend JoseDLCruz. GOD bless you more,.. :')
Once in a while somebody comes along and makes you smile,.. :)
There's always a reward in all hardwork and sacrifices, so you must be patient and stay strong in all circumstances.
Judging a person does not define who they are, it defines who you are.
I can't say it in words,.. just listen to my heart.
Hello everyone,.. take care and be safe always,.. :)
Test papers,..... whoah! I can't take it anymore,... :'((
@Rheadpyc . Thanks. I enjoy reading your posts/ tweets. Take care and be safe always,.. Saranghae,.. :)
@rukia_caev . Hi. I'm good but quite busy with work these past few days.Thanks, be safe always,.. :)
@rukia_caev Hi,.. so happy to hear from you. How have you been doing? Take care and be safe always,.. :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 . Okay! Take care and be safe always!,.. :)
@HJLfacts It's alright, I understand. :) I will just wait for your updates. Be safe always!,.. :)
@HJLfacts . Congratulations my dear Kim Hyun Joong! You make us so proud. Good luck!,.. :)
@HJLfacts This is cool! Thanks for posting this pic. LOVE it much, especially KHJ's cute smile!,.. :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101.  Good morning! Have a great day ahead. I love the photo, thanks!,.. :)
Good afternoon everyone especially to my friends here,.. @rukia_caev  be safe always,.. :)
LOVE your haters. They're your biggest fans. WHY? Because they keep on wasting time just to watch your every wrong move.
Decisions are the hardest move to make, especially when it is choice between where you should be and where you want to be.
I do believe that simple things really matter, because even a simple misunderstanding could ruin everything.
Nothing is permanent,.. :'(
Even if we treat people kindly & honestly, most of them will still hate us for some reasons we can't understand. That's how LIFE works.
I don't care if ur fat, skinny, black, white, ugly or pretty. If ur nice to me, I'll be nice back. Simple as that,.. :')
I love it when they hate me. It means I'm good and they're jealous.
@OnlyYouOnlyMin @BlackRose50101 Oh, I miss these guys! SS501 forever!
Be HAPPY! Not because everything is good but because you can see the good side of everything. :')
SMILE even if LIFE is getting you down because there will always be that someone that will make you smile.
@HJLfacts I'm so proud of you my dear Kim Hyun Joong! Keep up the good work... :')
@HJLfacts Congratulations! Be the BEST! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
In life don't be like a cigarette, so people can use and crash you when you're done. Be like a drug,.. let them die to get you,.. :'))
When GOD is your reason to live, you will never have a reason to quit. Fighting!,.. :')
One of the best feelings in the world is when you hug someone you love, and they hug you back even tighter. :')
No one ever gets tired of loving. they just get tired of waiting, assuming, hearing lies, saying sorry and hurting.
NAT Exams. Good luck!
Another day, another blessing ,.... another challenge!,.. fighting!,.. :)
@HJLfacts Cool, I love the sunglass but I love Kim Hyun Joong the most,.. :'))
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101. Hello, nice to hear from you admin. I love KHJ's photo, so nice,.. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong,.. :)
Academic Festival is over. Coming soon...  NAT exams,... hayyy!, nakakastress!,.. :'(
HOPE puts a SMILE on our face when heart cannot manage,.. Good morning everyone. Have a great weekend!,.. :)
Speak 5 lines to yourself every morning: 1. I am the BEST. 2. I can DO it. 3. GOD is always with me.. I am a WINNER. 5. TODAY is my day. :')
Kim Hyun Joong World Tour! This is exciting. Philippines should be included. Get ready Filipino fans,.. :')
TRUST someone who can see 3 things in you: the SORROW behind your smile, the LOVE behind your anger and the REASON behind your silence.
Being RESPECTED is more important than being BEAUTIFUL.
If someone constantly makes you UNHAPPY, then you must build up the courage to let that person go. Good morning friends. It's Friday,.. :')
@Hyunjoong025 . Too bad!,.. :(
Remember: All things are possible for those who believe.
Be sure that you know YOU are not a thing to be used but a PERSON to be loved.
Keep your DREAMS alive!,.. :')
Done with the Cyber Quiz. Congratulations Team A!
A nice wake up is always a gift from GOD. Good morning everyone! Hello to my friend. Take care and be safe always!,..
@iamsuperbianca You're right,
No one is born HAPPY, but all of us are born with the ability to create HAPPINESS.
Congratulations to all the Bar Exams passers.
Do things you should, not just the ones you want to.
DREAMS don't work unless you do.
Every little smile can touch somebody's HEART,.. :')
LIFE's too short to argue and fight. Count your blessings, value your friends and loved ones,.. :')
Happy morning everyone! Enjoy the rest of the day. Be safe always,.. :')
I'm not a perfect person. I make a lot of mistakes, but still, I love those people who stay with me after knowing how I really am.
Never search your HAPPINESS in others, it will make you feel alone. Search it in yourself, you will feel HAPPY even when you are left alone.
Hello everyone! Done with my class. Got to rest for awhile, be back in a bit,.. :')
@HJLfacts Thanks,been waiting,. :')
@HJLfacts Are they coming back? Oh, I miss them so. SS501 forever! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@rukia_caev Hello. What's up? Take care and be safe always. God bless,.. :')
Morning means a new LIFE, another chance to live, to be happy, to enjoy.
@HJLfacts We're so excited about the tour. Philippines get ready!,.. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@HJLfacts Wow! I love Hangten but I LOVE Kim Hyun Joong the most!,.. :')
@HJLfacts That's good news for us fans. I hope Philippines will be included. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,.. :')
@HJLfacts Hello! I had a busy Sunday, but a happy one. I hope you had a great one too!,.. :'))
Be grateful for all the things that you have. Good night everyone!,.. :)
@Hyunjoong025 Hahaha!, maybe because you have already everything, :D
@Hyunjoong025 Hello, what's up? You've been very busy these days. Be safe always,.. :)
Contentment is not fulfillment of what you wish for, but an appreciation of what you have,.. :)
Appreciate LIFE itself even if it is not perfect.
@HJLfacts Kim Hyun Joong is really a very lucky guy. Saranghae KHJ,.. :)
Let's enjoy and value everything that GOD has given us.
LIFE is a beautiful journey,.. keep moving!,. :))
Sleepy, got to go. Good night everyone. Good night friend.
See GOD in every happy face,.. :')
LIFE is good when you are happy,.. :')
@rukia_caev Hello. It's been awhile. So busy this past days. How are you? Be safe always,.. :)
Good afternoon everyone. meeting in a few minutes,.. :)
About to sleep, gud night everyone,.. :)
@nengski2011 Madalang ako mag open, ngaun ay umuulan dito Sn Mateo,.. tulog na ako, gd night
@rukia_caev Belated Valentine greetings to you! Love, love, love!,.. :)
LIFE ain't easy. We have to be wrong to learn what's right, hurt to be strong, fall to rise again and pray to overcome them all.
Day 2. Aming Tribo. Come celebrate with us!,.. :')
Aming Tribo Fair 2012. SJCQC 80 na! Congratulations St. Joseph's College of Quezon City Philippines!,. more years of excellent service.
Never avoid anything that makes you HAPPY.
@rukia_caev .Been too busy these past few days. How are you? Be safe always!,.. :')
@nengski2011 .... and I say it's alright!,.. :'))
Don't go for looks, they can deceive. Go for someone who makes you SMILE,.. :')
@HJLfacts Trully HOT! love these photos. thanks for posting. Saranghae KHJ!,. :')
HI to my friend here, be safe always,.. :)
Here we go!,... ASAP 2012 na!
BLESSINGS are plenty for people who live with loving kindness & thoughtfulness for others. Have a great Sunday everyone,.. :')
Sometimes it takes years until your kindness will pay off,.. :)
The effects of kindness are not always seen immediately,.. :)
Hello everyone. The weather is so inviting,.. :')
@annecurtissmith Advance birthday greetings to u Anne. GOD bless u more,.. :'))
It's morning again. Cheer up and wear a perfect SMILE,.. :')
The HAPPIEST in the world are those who have LIFE's simple pleasures,..
Long weekend!,... Good morning everyone!,.. :)
@annecurtissmith Good morning Anne. Good luck,.. :)
Sometimes we get tired that we just want to scream and give up,.. :'(
@rukia_caev Hello. It's been a while. Have a great day ahead. :')
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 Hi, what's up?, nice to hear from you,. :)
@BlackRose50101 You're absolutely right!,.. very cute smile! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!,. :')
I'm off for now, bye everyone,..:)
@KING_HyunJoong Hi, I'm also one of the many fans of Kim Hyun Joong. I'm from the Philippines, Howt about u? Follow u for more KHJ's latest,
Mornings are made by GOD to make us fall in love with LIFE, not just once, but again and again. Have a great day everyone!,.. :'))
HAPPINESS belongs to those who always think of others,.. good night everyone!, :)
Let go of the people who can't treat you right and hold on to those who love you and see your worth.
In life you will realize that there is a purpose for every person you meet,..
@PJM_Forever WOW! That's good news for us fans here in the Philippines! Thanks for the info,.. :)
@PJM_Forever Good afternoon! What's up?,. :)
@rukia_caev Same here. Keep safe always. GOD bless you and your family. :)
No one here,.. got to sleep now. Good night everyone!, :)
Hello everyone! Nice to be back... :)
@BlackRose50101 @tzeyin28 That's my man, so kindhearted. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!, :)
@HJLfacts @keep_believe OMG!,...
@rukia_caev. HAPPY NEW YEAR! I wish you good health, more blessings and peace of mind.
HAPPY NEW YEAR to all! May GOD continue 2 bless us w/ things that matter most in LIFE, a "GIFT" of good health, happy home & peace of mind.
Good night,.. :)
My heart goes to the victims of typhoon sendong. Jusy keep the FAITH.
@rukia_caev That's good to hear,.. :)
@rukia_caev Hi, how are you today?,.. be safe always,.. :)
@HJLfacts . Hello, I'm good, waiting for some updates here,..:')
@ActorLeeMinHo . Merry Christmas to you. City Hunter will be shown here in the Philippines, so excited to view it, :)
New day, new blessings! Good morning everyone!,.. :)
Good night everyone. @rukia_caev. have a good one.
Share your blessings, especially to those who are in need,..
GIVE,..  for it is in giving that we receive.
Evreything happens for a reason. Just keep the FAITH.
Let's pray for those victims of Typhoon Sendong. That's the best we can do,..
@PJM_Forever . Really cute. Have a good night sleep,.. :)
@NisellDhred @HJLfacts . Hahaha! Love that word,.. best fit our KHJ,..
@AtykahJoong @syikin_99 @HJLfacts You're right,..:)
@HJLfacts @keep_believe Too bad. Get well soon admin Black,..
@PJM_Forever @JungMin0403. JungMin is so cute here. How I wish that rose is for me, :)
@PJM_Forever Good evening, I understand, just wait for some updates, :)
@annecurtissmith That's right Anne, share your blessings! Your fans (us) will be vert happy! Good luck and more power to you!, :)
@HJLfacts Merry Christmas everyone!, :)
@annecurtissmith @elenaramosRN. Tama ka dyan Anne. Congratulations and more power!, :)
@HJLfacts @2kjdream @mystyle1103 @JungMin0403 @HyungJun87 Love them too,... :))
@HJLfacts Yes, you're right!, :)
@HJLfacts Yeah! That's right! You're simply the admin, don't they know that,... :))
@HJLfacts .Where did he go?.. Was that the US trip?, :)
dismissal time, what a way to end the day's work, :)
Bed time,.. :)
@annecurtissmith Hahaha! Iba ka talaga Anne! I super like you, Congratulations!, :)
@HJLfacts Thanks for the updates (KHJ & SS501) Good night, :)
@Hyunjoong025 Hi, I know you've been very busy. Be safe always. Good night, :)
@rukia_caev Hi, I hope you had a nice day today. Be safe always. Have a good night sleep, :)
Good night everyone, :)
@annecurtissmith Go Anne!,.. :)
@PJM_Forever Wow! That's good news for us, Filipino fans. Looking forward to that. thanks for the info, :)
@Hyunjoong025 . Hello! How are you today? Congratulations on your achievements. Continue to workhard for ur fans. Saranghae KHJ, :)
Hello everyone! Not so good weather today, :)
@Hyunjoong025. Congratulations to your continued success! I'm so happy for you. Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong! :)
Nobody's around,.. :'(
Hello everyone,.. miss this page, :)
@PJM_Forever Hello, enjoy your holidays, :)
No one is around,.. so sad. It's raining right now, :'(
@HJLfacts For me, the tour was a success! Kim Hyun Joong Is really loved by fans all over the world! Congratulations!
@HJLfacts Kim Hyun Joong, a lucky guy indeed!, :)
@HJLfacts I'm so happy for you Kim Hyun Joong! Keep up the good work!, :)
@PJM_Forever  Wow! Congratulations Kim Hyun Joong! You deserved it. You've been working hard!, :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 Thanks, waiting for those updates, :)
Hello everyone, good to be here once more, :)
Good day everyone! Hello @ rukia_ caev. have a nice day, :)
@PJM_Forever. Have a good night sleep, :)
Hello everyone, :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 Hi there, :)
@BlackRose50101 Hahaha!, You're right, cute indeed!,
@PJM_Forever Good afternoon, :)
@BlackRose50101 Hahaha! Too personal, they're so eager to know more about Leader's (KHJ) personal life, huh, :)
@HJLfacts Yeah!, ur welcome. hope to get more news/updates, thanks!, :)
@rukia_caev Hi, how are you today, :)
@rukia_caev Hi, thanks, you're from Chile, right, I'm from the Philippines. Nice to meet you here @twitter, :)
Hello everyone, miss this page, :P
Off to a friend's house blessing.
@HJLfacts Happy birthday to Young saeng! More blessings to come!, :)
@HJLfacts Hi there!, have a nice day!, :)
@annecurtissmith Gud morning Anne, have a nice day!, :)
@Hyunjoong025 Hello!, Have a nice day! Saranghae! :)
@PJM_Forever. They look good together, :)
@PJM_Forever . Good afternoon. Jung Min is such a pretty guy. SS501 forever! Saranghae Park Jung Min!, :)
Good morning everyone. No class today in SJCQCgrade school dept, :)
@annecurtissmith Hello Annne, good morning!, :)
@HJLfacts . He really is a lucky guy, huh!, love the smile,.. so sweet! :)
@HJLfacts . You're absolutely right!, :)
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101. Hahaha! looks so cute! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!, :)
@Hyunjoong025.  You did your best! Be proud and be happy, good night! Sleep well, :)
@Hyunjoong025 You look tired!, very busy schedule, huh! Take care, :)
@Hyunjoong025 Hello! Nice to hear from you Leader!, Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!, :)
@PJM_Forever @SgTripleS.I can just imagine how cute Leader is while laughing, :)
@PJM_Forever @HyungJun87 Yeah! this is so funny! hahaha!,
@PJM_Forever Gd. evning, :)
@Hyunjoong025 . So sad to hear that, but I understand you're so busy especially in the coming days,preparing for the 2nd album. Good luck!
@kyuubi_stories @PJM_Forever @SgTripleS You're right kyuubi_stories, I think KHJLeader is gentleman enough to do that if ask, :)
@PJM_Forever @SgTripleS. Whoah! you can see him closely, face to face, wahhhh! I want to be there also, huhuhu!, :(
@PJM_Forever @odefiveone_news . Sure he (KHJ) is. I'm so happy for Kyu. He has the support of his co SS501members, :)
@PJM_Forever @SgTripleS. Whoah! How I wish I am there also. You're so lucky to be near with KHJLeader, :)
@PJM_Forever @iamsom . KHJLeader is true to what he said, hehehe!, Kyu must be very happy. I'm happy for him also. Congratulations Kyu, :)
@PJM_Forever @iamsom . That's very nice of KHJLeader to support Kyu, they really care for each other, huh, :)
@cll_slam10 . Wow! you're lucky to be with Leader, I envy you people, :(
@reena29shadow . Whoah! Congratulations KyuJong!, :)
@peigee22 @PJM_Forever @PJMForever @SS501_2NE1 . I'm preety excited. Are they (SS501) coming back as a group? I've been waiting for this!,.
@HJLfacts @BlackRose50101 . Yeah!, enjoy your weekend, :)
@BlackRose50101 . It must be his killer look, I want to die with his look!, hahaha! Saranghae Kim Hyun Joong!, :)
@HJLfacts . @TriaLucila2011 here, waiting for ur posts,.. pleaseee!
@HJLfacts . Hahaha! Count me in,.. pleaseee!, thanks!, :)
