As Nigeria's revenues from oil continue to drop, many Governors elect are left wondering if they won an election or a problem!"
The effrontery and guts of an optimist that is what keeps me going be guided
The poorest people in the world aren't the ones without money... but the ones without hope, be hopeful and optimistic
The poorest people in the world aren't the ones without money... but the ones without hope, be hopeful n optimistic
The greatest challenge about success is keeping quiet bout it"
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like."
: To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can’t just accept the ones you like."
A lot of you criticizing the gov't for being dishonest. Lol. How many of you bought soft drinks and returned the bottle like you promised?
Life doesn't always give you second chances so take the first one!"
Faith is believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe."
Most of our problems are because we act without thinking or we keep thinking without acting."
Worrying about the future is tempting but useless. Do the best you can with whats right in front of you and the future will fall into place.
Respect,Hardwork and Humility, Should be the New Cool for reasonable People."
the thing about fear is that it defies the laws of rationality. It creates its own laws instead..."
Mayweather VS PACQUIAO,gate fee to cost almost 2million naira per person,Even DAVID vs GOLIATH was free for evrybdy to watch, capitalism
I told this girl to text me when she gets home.. I'm guessing she's homeless"
When doctors are praying for new customers(patient)&amp; the coffin saler is fasting n praying for high patronage thats the height of wickedness
@CI_Douglas a country with poor sense of history like ours will continue to tow the same wrong path GMB the wrong Man unless he change
@CI_Douglas GMB IS A MAN WITH OVERBEARING ATTITUDE AFTERALL SAHARA SAID WORSE THINGS AGAINST GEJ STILL THEY WERE NEVER HARRASSED EVEN A DAY
@CI_Douglas can u pls mention 1 thing AIT said that is nt on historical record AIT challenged Buhari while the documentary was on 2sue them
GM Buhari's act of "BAR" on AIT. Shows us exactly what to expect in 2019. Nigeria is in for it. Nigerians are in for it."
Money can buy bed but not sleep be guided
Just posted a photo 
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Just posted a photo 
Just posted a photo 
Royal Priest, it's Jonathan's fault until May 28, then it'll all be Buhari's fault! I hope Buhari has broad shoulders,to carry all that. Lol
: Some people think maturity is to do with age. Maturity is those who have learned from their mistakes,have a better vision in life"
Some people think maturity is to do with age. Maturity is those who have learned from their mistakes,have a better vision in life"
We all ve tremendous potential, and we all are blessed with gifts. Yet, the one thing that holds all of us back is some degree of self-doubt
Romantic movies ruin relationships. They give women unrealistic expectations about what to expect from men. Porn has the same effect on men
Self acceptance is the ability to have a healthy affirmation of oneself and our uniqueness."
Gossips are like historians.
They talk about things they didn't witness."
: God forgive us for listing the sins we hate the most because we don’t do them - and God help us to hate our own sin most of all."
God forgive us for listing the sins we hate the most because we don’t do them - and God help us to hate our own sin most of all."
Remind ur self its ok not to be perfect
The more you think you're the ONLY ONE with the challenges you face, the longer you cheat yourself out of finding support &amp; solutions."
Faith makes things possible.. not easy."
By dis time 2000 yrs ago,Judas don receive alert.
Life is a balance of holding on and letting go."
You have to fight through some bad days to earn the best days of your life."
Stand for what you believe in!!!! Even if it means you standing ALONE."
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart."
Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance,you must keep moving.
Put GOD first and everything will work out, maybe not the way you planned, but just how it's meant to be.
There are only two possibilities why you're disappointed. Wrong person or Wrong expectation.
Success in life is not about luck! It is about managed thoughts, focused attention and deliberate action.
People enjoy rumours and often nobody bothers to confirm the veracity of 'facts' been reeled out.
Rumours are nearly as old as human history, but has gotten even worse with the rise of the internet.
Success isn't an overnight thing, its when everyday yu get a little better than the day before, it all adds up.
Have confidence, not ego. Search for love, not lust. Be classy, not trashy."
The secret to being a best friend is to be a great listener."
Those who are quick to act will gain enormous advantage over the rest. Those who hesitate will have many regrets tomorrow"
Your life is an occasion. Rise to it."
The only thing standing between you and your goal is the bullshit story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it."
One day, you'll be just a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one."
You are braver than you believe. Stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think."
Problems are probably only problems for you now. But you will realize they helped you grow at the end."
Sometimes you gotta accept the fact that certain things will never go back to how they used to be."
You don't die if you fall in water you die if you don't swim."
Social media is de only place where pple seem 2 desperately need their opinions, tastes, and personal choices validated by complete randoms.
Don't judge a situation you've never been in."
Genuine kindness is no ordinary act, but a gift of rare beauty. - Sylvia Rosetti"
Sometimes life isn't about meeting new people, it's about meeting the people you already know halfway."
Time/chance decides who you meet in life, your heart decides who you want in your life and your actions decide who stays in your life."
The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. #truth"
Flow with the rythm of time but dont lose focus of most important have a fulfilled day peeps
Sometimes we don't need advice, we just need someone to listen."
Having deep conversations with the right people is priceless."
Just because you speak the loudest doesn't mean you have anything intelligent to say. Remember, Quietest people have the loudest mind."
Ungrateful people make me sick <FACE WITH MEDICAL MASK>"
"@EarlofLibra: Lobatan"@Soundsultan: if u lie to everybody and forget to tell urself the truth u r #championmaga""
U no ur villge pple is at work when u submit ur cv to first bank only to go to buy akara 2days later &amp; they tie/package it with that same cv
"@MvrioLopez: People will notice the change in your attitude towards them, but won’t notice their behavior that made you change"
"@TheFactsBook: Marry someone who understands that you need to be alone sometimes. These types of marriages last longer."
"@vicmoss11: Be more concerned with your character than your reputation because character is everything. #ActWisely"
"@llife_quotess: Sometimes you don’t realize your own strengths until someone tries to take advantage of your weaknesses. -MA"
Dd anyone AIT hear dat Remix alone!!Park!Buhari pull Ova Reverse Buhari pull ova show us your Certificate,Buhari pullover.Do not lie to Us
Have anybody seen Documentary on AIT Buhari has one of the worst human right abuse Record in African history
Girls be like I want him...  tall,handsome,rich,God fearing with good sense of humour u no go choose one na only u waka come
Is like this heat n mosquito is sponsored by MTN everywhere u go lol
Fake WAEC results arent enuff,Buhari must produce primary sch uniform,sch bag,socks &amp;'waterbottle, politics is full of pretence &amp;deceit lol
I'll like to apologize to anyone I'm yet to offend.  Please be patient with me, I'll get to you shortly
The best way to know a Nigerian girls real name is to ask her for her account details dat's when "Natasha hills" will turn to okongwu ojiugo
Is like Arsenal visited with their. Own stadium @emirate playing confidently like say dem remove Etihad stadium and put up their Emirate
Mancity who dey home??? #arsenal there is God oooooo
Pls u pple re beginin to annoy me wit dis change of a tin...hw much change re u owing GMB dt he is xpected to collect&amp; wat dd he buy
Buhari promises 2million jobs every year if he is elected,to get more jokes from him text Buhari to 3354.MTN,GLO,AIRTEL and ETISALAT
@9janewsmag @MobilePunch mñ
Stop worrying about what ppl will say, unless you're doing the wrong thing. You're not living for them, it's ur life; they've theirs to live
Since former president of US Mr Bush tenure finish,I ve neva seen him on Tv Criticising Does it mean dat Obama is doin evrytin ryt. #OBJ why
People don't change they reveal who they truly are #fact
'You know yourself from within. Be careful how serious you take what people say about you ....... Onyeka Nwelue
Girl: No reply
Boy: How are you? 
Girl: No reply
Boy: 99453772158931
Girl: wow which network? 
Boy: Cartoon Network
I no I must hv wronged some pple dis year.If u were in any way affected pls,send me 750/1500 MTN airtime so dat I can apologise to u .
to judge is to evaluate.  unexamined life is not worth living be properly guided  good morning peeps
Young Nigerians must insist that leaders who re running for office tell them how they will create jobs.Focus on issues,not religion or tribe
Life is not so kind to let you have all your heart desires on a platter of gold, there is always a price to pay.
Breaking news: House of rep members to take climbing lessons so as to climb faster in case of next time probably faster than monkey.
The beautiful journey of today can only begin when we learn to let go of yesterday."
"Be strong, trust yourself, love yourself, conquer your fears, go after what you want and act fast because life just isn’t that long."
Other people cannot bring you happiness or approval. But here's the good news: You don't need them to. Those things come from within
GENEROSITY comes from the HEART, not from WEALTH.
I'm self-propelled;fueled from within. I appreciate pple's opinions,but I'm nt attached to dem. And nobody dare impose his opinion on me
Some girls be like 'My mum didnt teach me how to cook' Excuse me did she teach you how to have sex? Story for the gods
There are two reasons why we don't trust people,we don't know them or we know them
No one’s life should be your soap opera or reality show. Face yours! No one is perfect! Mind ur own business
I’m an  extremely mentally strong n Unbothered Dude get that into your skull
Ambitious Godswill Akpabio built 35 new bridges. One world class stadium. A power plant, Airport, Housing Estates,Library,hospital kudos gud

#Ricochet
Match is quite  interesting not a walk over though but am optimistic man U will not pick any point in this match
Sackin keshi n'replacing him with Amodu is like de proverbial man who sold his dog 2 buy a monkey 4getin dat both of dem re sitting creature
justice is a 3-way traffic. That is: Justice for the accused persons, justice for the victim, justice for the state .....Late justice Oputa
Igbo day for Warri here na die ooooo shops closed i just dey observe them with keen interest igbo funny everywhere they go
"It's so much easier to do good than to be good." - B.C. Forbes 

<UNAMUSED FACE> too bad he was too drunk to notice they were pis…
lose, I'm winning«. I'm sure he has
not tried Naira Bet!
1. Yes!
2. Not yet. 
3. I have something better in mind.
Life has taught me that risk taking is a very powerful skill but must be taken with discipline than greed.
Life has taught me that real secret of being seen as trustworthy is to be worthy of trust.
Life has taught me to live in 2 places at de same time,dat is 2 master de skill of mnging de present while at de same time inventing future.
and in your head you are like 
"lol lie lie lie lie" 
but go along with…
@renoomokri pls bros kindly follow back
That you have the power to do something does not mean you have the right to do it. That you restrain yourself does not mean you are weak
@ShunpikingBook pls big bro kindly follow back thank you in anticipation thank you
Nick cannon Diamond encrested shoe 2.2million dollars,abeg him wan waka/trek go see God with the shoe? Just asking ooo bcos if not hmmmm
High income but less peace of mind. High IQ but less Emotions.Good knowledge but less Wisdom.&amp;finally Lots of human being but less Humanity.
Big house but small family. More Education but less common sense. Advanced medicine but poor health. Touched moon but Neighbors unknown.
The new iPhone 6 is N450,000. Can it call my dead relations? Email my ancestors, or ping God?" Just asking ooo bcos if not hmmmm
Once you're a Nigerian, don't believe anyone who tells u,u have no talent or skill. Because Surviving in this country alone is a talent.
We often say 'i'm not perfect'.But the more we say that, the more comfortable we become with our flaws,hence Making the flaws a habit 2 bad
"@SexTaIk: Please stop talking...Your mouth was made for better things ;)"
Nobody has monopoly of God's blessing some people need to get that into their empty skull God is blessing u n'blessing others as well.
Freedom of speech is at its most precious when it permits voices to be raised against such evil.
finding a Toilet when you've got Diarrhea is
better.
As i have always said my personality is who i ama, but my attitude depends on whom you are no apologies
@renoomokri pls kindly follow back
Everything about (me)the sub-structure depends on  (Jhvh God)the Super-structure am eternally grateful
#REALNIGERIANHERO she did her job professionally  may God grant those she left behind the fortitude to bear the irreplaceable loss
@renoomokri pls kindly follow back big bro its a sign of humility
@renoomokri pls big brother kindly follow back dear i will appreciate
@renoomokri thats a good start dear i love my president honestly GEJ will go down in history as the best president Nigeria hv ever had
This Ebola thing just exposed Nigerians,u will get the world most gullible set of people on earth in Naija.easily decieved even the educated
Learn to tink/ ask questions Nigerian youths! ask questions like is dis empirically validated or is it 1 of those fallacy "asi dika eziokwu"
Spreading rumour dat is peddled by merchants of misinformation by supposedly Nigerian"ostensibly" educated youth without askin question God!
Salt water is bad to ur body system Ebola survives in salt water and Excrement pls stop this nonsense rumour even the supposedly" educated"
@omojuwa strongly agree with you my brother gusshhh
#stop dis salt shit bcos research findings indicates dat de virus survives in salt,&amp;salt help to stabilise it makin pple more susceptible
be used as cream? Pepper?
Goodmorning people"
Lagos state governor return LASU to old skul fees politicians self they know the implication if they dont its all about 2015 election funny
But it's none of my business.
Everything have season in Nigeria,season of open letter,season of "bringbackourgirls,right now we are in the season of impeachment lol
Teacher: Whats NYSC ,Akpos: NYSC is the punishment given to Nigerian youth for graduating from university and other tertiary institution
@AKPRAISE and they say Islam is a peaceful religion hmmm just asking oooo
"@MesterTola: The most romantic statement to Nigerian girls is 'Send me your account number'"
sometimes when I say “Im okay” what I rly want is for someone to hold my hand look me in the eyes and say “I no ur not okay here is $1000000
Can somebody help me to tell these mumu mallam to make suya not bomb Kaduna rocks again. #how long must we continue to live like this#
@lexi_cueva where is the yummikrush3
- Charles Kettering
@renoomokri pls kindly follow back brother
@renoomokri pls kindly follow back brother u are a very smart mouth piece of GEJ
@renoomokri kindly follow back brother pls GEJ or nothing
Don't stress over things that don't matter.
Don't worry about thinks you can't…
@renoomokri with all honesty Jonathan have done enough but its just that those who are desperate for power still shamelessly criticise him
@renoomokri APC should tell us something better they are bringing to the table rather vilify n'play hate dumb politics &amp; overheat the polity
@renoomokri the hate politics is path that will not just destroy APC but has succeeded in making Nigerians hate them
@renoomokri in the whole of south and even north central president Jonathan is still the prefered so APC. Should stop their hate politics
@renoomokri the truth is that Jonathan will go down in history as the most tolerant president Nigeria have ever had truth be told.
@renoomokri i love u my dear brother u are so right they APC keep preaching hate Jonathan doctrine without telling us their own agenda
I wonder why people keep looking for mr/miss RIGHT..why no look for mr/mrs LEFT and drag the idiot to the RIGHT
@ColinUdoh when dats great bro @least we can be rest assured
Mourinho- de special one,keshi-de bossy one,Leow Joachim de winning one,Van gaal de chosen one,Del Bosque de loosing one,scolari seven one
Igbongi akwala messi eeeeyyyyaaaahh
Robben best plyer of de Brazil 2014.I tink 4rm day1 until De Lst match he was de player who play at a high level,neva eva up&amp;dwn,always up.
God Headache!!! knocking my head fever tasteless mouth waist pain gush am seriously sick
Germany softly hot temper no good oooo all dis goal u are sharing na only u waka come in everytin u are doing remember there is God oooooo
Prov ursef 2 ursef,not odas.If u find ursef constantly tryin 2 prov ur worth 2 some1 else,u’ve already 4gotten ur value.Dont do dis to ursef
U got US visa after being bounced 7times on de day of departure ur kid used colourd crayons 2 draw on pages of ur passport what will u do
mum is usin nokia torch lite wit brokn screen ruba band holdn de ba3,gal frnd is usin BBporsche u bght n'u re singin swit moda i nogo 4get u
Bad character is like flat tyre u cannot reach anywhere unless u change it
The height of arrogance is when u think that nobody can do it just because u could not do it.
Do u know that new iphone-6 helps people to loose weight? when u pay for it you cant afford to eat one month just try it and see for ursef
 #EatFruits #EatMoreFr…
The only reason for the existence of time is just that everything does not happen at once
It's only at Warri U'll see "NO SMOKING" boldly written inside a church☹
GIRL: My dad's driver is taking me to shoprite in d jeep.
BOY: Ok, I'm behind U in d bus, don't pay,…
Hellooo tweeps:Linda Thomas,the MTN lady that usually say:You Have Insufficient Credit To Make This Call, is dead.U can nw call free thank u

Chai…
Dont tell me u care,dont tell me u love show me tru ur attitude
Louis "Bingo" Suarez biting really hard
The Jinx is broken courtesy lion-el messi merciless guy
Argentina cant break this Iranian defence just like naija dominated the game but cant score hmmmm
"Holy wives"dnt just speak in tongues/sleep in churches.They cook super meals,raise Godly kids,wear gud dresses,ve mindblowing sex be guided
Cassillas onye mgbu
Abeg which formation dey keshi play

Its one of the reasons why underdogs win. They know they can. 
#…
Van persie na only u waka come there is God ooooooooooooooooo
Tonto Dike bought a handbag 3.8million Naira hmmm, is our missing Chibok gurls inside the hand bag just asking oooo lmao
If i enter any any public transport thisdays and i see a mallam sitting next to me i ask him if he has any plan for tomorro incase
1. Stay faithful.
2. Make them feel wanted.
3. Respect your partner.
4. Don't flirt with others…
U Went 4 intervw.Jst wen it richd ur tun,cockroch flew out of ur suit &amp;landed on de nose of de mangin drectorNwanne,ur villge pple re @work
Everything u ever wanted is right outside your comfort zone rise up after them take your chances
ARSENAL NO MIND BAD BELLE TROPHY NA TROPHY THE THE LAST TIME I CHECKED 3.5 AND 4.49 NA STILL SECOND CLASS UPPER ALL OF THEM BE
NOTICE! NOTICE!! NOTICE!!!
A GOOD QUALIFIED CLEANER NEED 4 D TOAL CLEANING OF THE TROPHY ROOM DAT HAS BEEN OCCUPIED WIT COBWEBS.
my country is under siege all the mumu mei guard,mei suya,mei gworo etc,have turned to mei bomb no day passes without Bokoharam bad news.
But it can tear down the future
Nigeria politics is the coming together of bunch of demented kleptomaniacs to siphon public fund and insult our collective common sense
Abducted Girls in Borno: Escaped Victim Narrates Ordeal – 
back at , something to look up to, Something to
look forward to and then…
Mothers day mothers day luv u mum bla bla bla evrywhere for facebook n twitter abeg una mama dey facebook/twitter Haba #free social network
Dad:money/material tins does not giv happiness,Akpos:does poverty/hardship giv happiness,Dad:no my boy,Akpos:pls I prefer money b/w de two
U went 4 intervw.Jst wen it richd ur tun,cockroch flew out of ur suit &amp;landed on de nose of de mangin drectorNwanne,ur villge pple are @work
It is necessary to fear the prospect of failure but to be determined not to fail"
"@Osuofiaa: Mr. Eze bought 90 oranges in your maths question and nobody is wondering what he wants to do with 90 oranges?"

Student:"No, I'm here because it's the law."
@DeleMomodu @jncisse am not a fan of PDP/GEJ but the height of deception is for Atiku n his challatants to promise Nigerians free education
Fake friends leave when you cry.
De bigest lies/decption is 4 de oppstion prty to prmise Nigrians free edcation pls shw us example us with Lagos state its ur state #APC#
@Ebuka who is de fair new defender dnt no him where does ply his trade
Part of being a winner is knowing wen enuf is enuf. Sometymz u hv to give up the fight, walk away &amp; move to something that's more productive
Man U will beat Bayern Munich.manU will win premier league For more Football Jokes, pls send 'Moyes' to 32333. MTN. Everywhere you Go."
"Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen" - Winston Churchill
Join me in praising God He's done it again in my life. Pls rejoice with me. I hv bought a brand new 2014 model of KJV Holy Bible. hahahaha
@YNaija who was counting until it got to 300 haba lol
Love is the magician that binds two souls together. Join me as I say "I DO" to my heartthrob on the 30th of February 2014 ◄
Sometimes we hv to put up with attitude of pple u don't no weda dey reason with their anus
In the end, you are measured not by how much you undertake but by what you finally accomplish"
Teacher: state one similarity between china phones and politicians Akpos: they both make unecessary noise
@obyezeks mummy pls is chenny ezekwesili ur son maaah
@infonaija the soon is the Jesus is coming "soon" kind of soon abi nw
Smile is a language ,dat even babies/foreigners Understand!
yourself."
you aren't. Start loving yourself for everything that you are."
trapped in the past and fearful of the future. Living in the present is the only way to be h…
Me: Who's there? 
Police: the police, we just wanna talk.
Me: How many are you?
Police: two
Me: Talk to…

single bells 
single bells 
single all the way...
E.g. Sorry can I see u for a minute?

What d hell are u sorry for?? :s
Old famly frnds be lyk ure nw a man wen re u callin us 4weddin no prob wen next I see dem I will scrm u ve grwn old wen re we cmin 4 funeral
Babe,if afta datin him 4 10yrs,he dumps u4 anoda gal,pliz demand4 ur PENSION,it's ur consttional ryt protected by Intntl Labor Law
Holier than thou is de worst character u can deal with
"@motiivateme: Sometimes you Have To Shut Up, swallow your Pride &amp; Accept That you’re Wrong. It’s Not Giving Up.It’s called Growing Up."
I don't have an attitude problem. It's People that have problem with my attitude, and that's not my problem.
Tv Mandela,radio Mandela,newspaper Mandela,BB Mandela,facebook Mandela my pple am scared of opening my fridge b4 I go see Mandela there too
Nelson did not just make racism immoral but made it look stupid --- Tony Blair
When will de world and Africa hv leader lik Nelson Mandela again a political colossus,selfless leader not power conscious, the world miss u
Some tweeps be like 'rest in peace Paul Walker (fast n furious) till we meet again' as if dem don meet b4. Na waooooh
Problems can’t stop you. 
Most of all, other people can’t stop you. 
The only one who stops yo…
F.@infonaija oa
@HEAD_MASTA headmaster pls followback
If it takes ur breath away my dear na Asthma,if it sweep u off ur feet my dear na epilepsy don't be scammed its not love dear take note
Nigeria: "Bring 100 Guinness crown corks &amp; stand a chance of winning a bir…
If this appear on ur twitter  pg it means am following u kindly follow back ,simple courtesy and humility demands dat u follow back thanks
that someone might be seein me…
 always gave me gifts. now u
 dnt y?Akpos:have u
 ever seen a fishermen givin
 worms 2 a fish afte…
@AJStream giving them no visible role in their “own”story is in itself self an act of discrimation against the native Americans as people
Just got back from villa where i attended the funeral of my brother and friend Izu too bad izu died this early it was all tears.
Teacher: You must be Kidding? Boy: No, that's my broth…
De way.  tins are going 1 day we will hav Bsc political thugery,Bsc militancy,Bsc terrorism and bombing in Naija University &amp; pple ll apply
Nothing is as edifying as clean conscience
"@MesterTola: #NigeriansNeedToKnow that its not everyone that travels abroad that's rich,I mean some of them are poorer than those in naija"
Our generation is gonna produce bunch of deaf granpa and grandma who blasted away their ear drum with ear piece and head durin dia youth.
"@1_mAd_maN: Lmao RT @DBIGSAM: Lmao“@jadbalz1: Only a yoruba guy wud walk past u reading out loud wot is written on ur shirt...mofos oshi”"
Gossip is free and talk is cheap afterall na u get ur mouth so u fit talk anything u like
@SantosTHEBOSS the ban worked like magic in reducing crime in enugu
@SantosTHEBOSSt worked
"@HolyMalamComedy: Light travels faster than sound,that's why some people appear to be bright until you hear them speak."
flower in his garden.... My dear,
ask him which garden dey get only
one flower
in his ocean... My dear, ask him
which ocean dey get only one fish,
even if na swi…
Every lost game inspires us to try one more time.. Always remember, "Defeat is Temporary, but giving up makes it Permanent".
New bulldoza introduced in de market called Bayern Munich made in Germany no imitation always Original Can demolish sky scrapa in 90 minutes
Iived. Never forget that.
God is so faithful...neva eva give up bcos whatever it is, God can sort it out, but in His own time, in his own way.just be patient.
Don't think about how much you have to go. Think about how far you've come.
Some things are just to be admired from afar and not to be run after
Some people have self-esteem issues of their own, they use criticism of others as a defense mechanism to make themselves better.
“impossible is an opinion. Impossible is nothing.
misplaced priority is wen a gurl bought tablet phone 85k,BB 40 t0 45 k but u she is livin in a one rum face me i face u with her parents.
wen u compare cities lyk ABAKILIKI, AWKA, ONITSHA AND ABA WIT CITIES LYK UYO,CALABAR U LL STAT WONDERING WEDA U RE STILL IN NAIJA SERIOUSLY
BUDDIES PLS NYSC IS NOT A JOB BCOS 19K PLUS CANT PUT FOOD ON THE TABLE PLAN BEFORE HURRIEDLY RUSHING TO NYSC BCOS THERE IS LYF AFTER NYSC.
De world where action are justified based on who is the perpetrator and who is at receiving end &amp; not based on sense of justice or ryt/wrong
If you don't challenge evil when it is in your neighbour's house, it will only be a matter of time for it to manifest in your back yard
Black man: Shoe, Bold 5, Iphone 5, Jeep,20 miilion n ...
@priscold @bayorwheezy TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH THEIR  VOICE REACH OUT
@renoomokri of course critics re more less pple who reason below average but think they can use others to boost their profile
day with excuses...
~Socrates

Humility...Is A Fragrance.

#drMM
#fb
BBBBB
praying over.
dont be silly is sometimes an advice rather than an insult
