Under Pressure to return as Party Leader...


'An Affront to Democracy...'

UKIP would have won 83 seats under Proportional Representation...


Seems that the left wing Hopeless Hate, and United Fascism has a new target...

The BBC, the Brussels Broadcasting Corporation...

While you were voting, so were the EU...

On the UP...

UKIP has its first Council after Landslide Victory in Thanet...


First Past The Post is now a bankrupt voting system...


Thank you for voting UKIP...

final #UKIP plea to voters 
Only one politician on the #ShrewsburyAtcham #GE2015 ballot papers believes in Britain. The rest back Brussels. #VoteUKIP
Believe in Britain and vote for an MP who knows the people of Shrewsbury are her boss. Vote SUZANNE EVANS #voteUKIP 
EdStone has Backfired a Tad...

So they call this Art?

Disgusting move by the EU to force a Common Asylum Policy on the UK...

Suzanne Exclusive...

Miliband has bought the EdStone to bury Britain under EU Domination, a vote for Labour is a vote for our funeral...

While you were thinking of voting, the EU has decided NOT to make MEPs Accountable...

Interesting new policy from the Greens...

EU Stop Vital Research and Cost British Lives...

Time for radical overhaul of the BBC...

UKIP is in touch with ordinary British People...

Nigel sends his warmest congratulations...


Big Brother EU gets its way again with car tracking technology...EU road pricing anyone?

Arrogant, biased, bad value for money...the BBC...

My Immigrant Dad is Voting UKIP...

England Betrayed...

@ethanrwilkinson @NathanGillMEP He is amazing :)
@bananatoffoes @SuzanneEvans1 @daniel4shrews Ah yes. Looking the other way ;)
@bananatoffoes @SuzanneEvans1 With the football crowd we must have caught several thousand people out and about today 
Juncker wishes Nigel luck in South Thanet, since if he wins he won't be an MEP...

Gibraltar earmarked for Trident if SNP gets its way...


Open Borders Immigration, the proof that a house has to be built every seven minutes to accommodate them...

Another Vote Winner... 

You might not believe this...

800,000 UK jobs advertised Abroad...

If you agree with UKIPs Policy, you're not racist, but some people need to work this out for themselves...

An end to Foreign Language forms...

Good News...at last...

HOW MANY MORE ?

Wouldn't they be best served investigating the EU Budget, and why its not been subject to an audit for 20 years?

BBC and UKIP go to War in South Thanet...

New EU Rules: Big Brother plans to track your movements in your car...EU road pricing anyone?

319 Misbehaving LibLabCon Councillors you WON'T have heard about on the BBC...

'easily the most dangerous man who has ever come within touching distance of becoming our Prime Minister'...

The SNP are the real racists...against the English...

Vote UKIP for @SuzanneEvans1 on 7th May...

The Decline of Britain under Blair...

If you thought the Opposition Leaders Debate was biased, then get a load of this...

It's obvious where our target seats are...

What's good for Ireland isn't necessarily whats good for the UK...

Possibility of Half a Million Islamic Terrorists in Europe...

Defence Debate...

'Don't let UKIP Break Our Love...'

Will we have a Marriage of Inconvenience?

This 'clout' Scotland might have; well...become Independent and stay in the EU, then where is the 'clout'?

Why the European Union Human Rights Act needs replacing with a British Bill of Rights...

Mayor of Tower Hamlets found guilty...

EU Declares War on British Culture...

Latest Shropshire Poll by Shropshire Star puts UKIP at 25%...

@SuzanneEvans1 on the Daily Politics...

Our #GE2015 candidate @SuzanneEvans1 was guest of the day on @daily_politics today... 
Irony Alert: Segregated Event To Celebrate 'Diversity'...

@Nigel_Farage Cut the BBC 'To the Bone'...

Two Examples Demonstrate the Absurdities of Our Immigration System...

There are Two General Elections Underway...

@Nigel_Farage backs Tony Abbott's plan to return ALL migrants across the Mediterranean...

Tories trying to frighten people into Voting for them...

New 'incompetent' EU Mortgage Ruling could Cost British Homeowners...

@SuzanneEvans1 answers viewers questions on UKIP...

'UKIP stands for us', small businesses say...

UKIP is the Party of Small Business...

@ShropshireStar readers vote UKIPs Manifesto the best of the bunch...

Working Class Voters Eyeing UKIP...

The Ultimate Nightmare...

Another Defection...

Ultimate Small Business Guide to Party Manifesto's...


@Nigel_Farage accuses Ed Miliband of betrayal of Working Class People...

If the Polls are supposed to be telling us UKIP won't win, why are they drawing up plans for our Victory?

Cameron's Defence Cuts Start to Bite Back...

EU to Restart Disastrous Policy of Large-Scale Migrant Rescue Operations...

'Depressed' Eastern European Gangster costs British Taxpayer £120,000...

Only UKIP Make Sense on Europe...

@Nigel_Farage on Absolute Radio...

Biased BBC Audience said..."La, la, la...'

Good News for Older People is UKIPs Pensions Policy...



BBC backs down and owns up about its choice of audience...Nigel to get his own TV Programme...

Only UKIP has been telling the Truth about Overseas Aid...

What?

Polish Rapist and Murderer was banned from France, but couldn't be under EU Rules, and was on his way to Southampton

PC gone mad...

This is Beyond Belief...

David Dimbleby - audience put together 'by an independent polling company'...More BBC Insanity...

UKIP: The only Party Taking on State-Funded Political Activism...

@Tim_Aker gives brief lesson...

Lib Dem Attack Site, 'Warning'

'If she opens the door, shoot her!', Left Wing Threats...

Labour Candidate in Grimsby Rubbishes Town's Fishing Industry...

UKIP winning housing debate...


I've had enough of people insinuating that UKIP is racist...



£1.3 Million Donation to UKIP Campaign...

@SuzanneEvans1 delivering the UKIP Manifesto...

The Party's Over...

Labour Party Candidate 'brain fades'...must be a 'left-wing' trait...

She won't put up with any BBC nonsense...

Seems Cameron can no longer promote his Pretend-a-rendum, as there will be no negotiations.


This seems to be happening in every town and city...

Away with the Fairies...

Labour 2015 Manifesto on Energy Policy is Insane...

Petard, Hoist, for Germany...

Government Steals UKIP Policy on Foreign HIV Patients...

Tories Ape UKIP Inheritance Tax Policy...

UKIP is the only True Party of Defence...



UKIP Manifesto - download PDF

@Nigel_Farage pledges £18 Billion low-tax revolution...


UKIP calls for return of pub smoking rooms...

Yet another see's the light...

Tory/Labour Housing policy designed to make rich richer and poor poorer...

Video:  Nigel in Purfleet...

Citizen's Initiative...


British Aid Squandered by the Billions...

Only UKIP has a fully funded and costed plan...


Does Labour just hate England and its heritage...

UKIP the only Party with a fully funded plan...

@Nigel_Farage I don't agree with Tony Blair on Europe, but I'll thank him for delivering UKIP more voters...


UKIP are the only Party committed to Defending our Nation...

UKIP Brands Cameron 'dishonourable'...

Tory Hypocrisy over Trident Plans...

Women's Leaders Debate on LBC - recorded...


Believing in Britain's Women...

UKIP would scrap the Tampon Tax...

Watch @oflynnmep talk about the economy and Trident...


@SuzanneEvans1 Public Meeting, Shrewsbury Town Football Club 27th March...

Our candidate @SuzanneEvans1 big today as she launches the @Ukip manifesto she's been working on! Tune in to @BBCBreakfast at 6.40.
Well I was more interested in why a 1980s Ghetto Blaster formed the sound system for the Green Party...

Oh look, the wind wasn't blowing like they said it would...

The EU threatened to do this, the UK didn't want it, but the EU has forced it through...

They just aren't fit for Government, complete U-Turn on this Policy in less than three months...

Details of Labour's Life Without Merit...

Dave's Pathetic Attempt to Woo Defectors...

Seems this story isn't over yet...


Accident &amp; Emergency in Crisis: two routes to a cure...

@Nigel_Farage Tonic for the Troops...  

The EU will be Gutted...

Why is Greenland so rich these days?  It said Goodbye to the EU...

UKIP: The Party of Defence...

Video: @Nigel_Farage talks about Blair...

Mmm...

You can bet the present UK Government would capitulate...

More on that Blair Story...

EU Navy rescues Illegal Immigrants - and brings them to Europe

Labour Election Myths Exposed...

The Arrogance of David Cameron...

Blair wants everyone to vote Labour to BLOCK a Referendum on the EU...

The Bilderberg Group...last time they met was 8th June 2013, that we know of...why do you think they meet?

Fascism against UKIP...against a WW2 veteran who fought the Nazis...

They ARE all the same...Labour is funding a Tory/Lib Dem Campaign Group...???

HS2 'destructive'...

If you're in Brierley Hill tomorrow at 7pm, there's a chance to meet @Nigel_Farage at a Public Meeting held at 7pm...

Date for your Diaries...Wednesday 22nd April at 2pm...

Oh dear its all going wrong for Cameron now...

50% of people agree with Nigel on Health Tourism...

"Not Ours to release"...


Labour's Blatant Hypocrisy on Primary School Places...

Insult to Injury...EU Forces Britain to spend another £1 Billion on Overseas Aid...

@SuzanneEvans1 Does the COSMO Quiz...

@Nigel_Farage is right about Health Tourism...

Oh Dear...Embarrassment for Miliband...

True Story: We Do Pay For Children To Be Given Pro-EU Propaganda...

EU Foreign Aid set to Push UK Foreign Aid Budget to Record Levels...

More Privatisation under the Coalition?

Mmm...hold on a second, this is another Copy and Paste of UKIP Policy into Tory Policy...they are kidding, right?  NO

Unease About Immigration...

Miliband must scrap Nuclear Deterrent to get SNP Coalition...

Free one-way tickets to Syria...


Fascist Bullies Hounding UKIP...

@Nigel_Farage The facts...

They are all the same...



How did UKIP do in the debate?  Listen to Steven Woolfe...


@Nigel_Farage 'BBC/legacy parties lack understanding...you can't cap net migration...unless BBC tie people down...!
Under 18s being brainwashed by the EU...

Although she's apolitical, I bet we're her secret favourite...we'll never know of course...

You can bet on it...

Exxon Mobile tells The Guardian like it is...

We're ahead in the polls on all our Policy Pledges...



The UKIP Pledge...

Eventually the LibLabCon Media will describe all Constituencies with a UKIP MP like this...

Labour: We want you to vote on this pig in a poke...

EU Tax Avoidance move...followed by EU-wide Common Consolidated Corporate Tax Base...the end of our Sovereignty...

Why Smart Meters are a Dumb Idea...

Nigel: Vows to make St George's Day a Bank Holiday...

Nigel: How does terrifying my family count as 'Good natured protest'?

Labour injustice delayed by election...

Video: Steven Woolfe, calm, collected, sensible, and tells the truth...



BBC does what it likes...

Even ethnic minorities want reduced immigration...

The ONLY chance for Grimsby is UKIP...

We ARE right...

More people seeing the light...

European Arrest Warrant misuse...

Home Office: Beware of Immigrants Hiding in your Car...

Joint House of Commons Group...



No Tax on the Minimum Wage...

An Economy Believing in Britain...


Can anyone in the LibLabCon justify this craziness...

Immigrant Drug Cartels with Automatic Weapons...lets hope we haven't imported this too...

Worse than they thought...

Yet another Oxymoron?

Coalition is finally falling apart...


Government failure...

@cashmorejohn @MikkiL takes two years negotiation to leave the EU, such things would be decided during that, see Article 50 Lisbon Treaty
Lost to the EU...

Uncontrolled &amp; Unsustainable...

The Hidden Local Issue...

Shrewsbury Business Chamber Hustings...

Sit down for a minute, and stop drinking your tea/coffee...

Farage to quit if he doesn't win South Thanet...

We knew this already...tell the Tory Voters...


The Hidden Local Issue...

Uncontrolled &amp; Unsustainable...

Lost to the EU...

More on UKIP Policy...

Prevarication: Just fluff to make us believe Cameron has any Sovereign Powers left after giving them to the EU...

No way to run a Health Service...

Who agrees with UKIP Policy? 
Manufactured argument inside Tory Party...preparing way to an EU Army?

Tip of the iceberg for such abuse across the UK?

'Two Kitchen's' Miliband...

It gets worse...but this time because of the EU...

Labour Ridiculed...

Oh dear, the Lib Dems are proving they are the same as the LabCon...

Another 'hatchet job' TV Programme against UKIP is due next week...

It seems France doesn't like being reminded of a defeat...

"Wilfully Misinterpreted"...

More pressure on our borders...

The BBC again...

The real reason why the media hates Farage...

Institute of Economic Affairs Report, 3 Million lost British jobs risk for leaving EU is a myth...

Cameron is preparing us to join the EU Army...

Labour thinks this sort of scare mongering is actually believed?

Again, you simply cannot trust the Legacy Party's to protect our children...

Holy UKIP Batman...

EU Threatens Cider Making Industry...

These are the disenfranchised voters, our young...


Cameron committing a  betrayal of our troops...

UK Jobs for Baltic Workers...

Farage: It's not me who's ignorant...


Cameron attempts 'smoke and mirrors' policy on defence spending...


Government riding roughshod over commercial property rights...

Video: Farage talks about EU Army at the EU...

Farage accepts debate proposal by Telegraph/Guardian/YouTube, but will Cameron?

Clegg, whose lips were moving at the time, said '3 Million British Jobs were at risk if we left the EU'...

Maybe the SNP won't do quite as well as the media predicts...

Cleggy caught lying again, we should have known because his lips were moving at the time...

British Justice overturned again by the EU, this time to make a criminal rich...

The Commonwealth, where our hearts should be...

£1 Billion a month, just given away...

Something to smile about?

British Army smallest since American Revolution...

Nick Clegg trusts this man for advice on Immigration...

Another report on our Foreign Aid...

We have to sweep Westminster of the people that run it, it's a farce...

Another reason why Eastern Europeans are employed instead of British Nationals...

Outrage over EURO ARMY...

They told you UKIP was Wrong and Racist...





EU Chief call for all 28 Countries to have one pan-European Army...

576% Rise in Europeans looking for Work in the UK...

UKIPs Plans on Immigration: Workable, Effective, and Fair...

No personal attacks during the election...leave that to the LibLabCon...

If it carries on we won't recognise Britain in 25 years time...

Make you own minds up...

Manufactured revolt inside the Tory Party...just vote them out in May...

Cameron's Foreign Aid Budget...

You couldn't make this up...

Absolutely crazy...

Anti-UKIP Smears only boost the Party's Support...

EU decides to tax Cider...

Come and join the People's Army at the Monkmoor Public House, Monkmoor Road, Shrewsbury... 
Labour - Part Incompetence, Part Conspiracy?

Cameron trying not to face difficult questions?

Time to embrace the Australian Model...

Labour sends voters a spoof UKIP 'Healthcare Bill'...

Immigration Points System and Quota Abolition...

UKIP's support amongst young voters doubles in a year...

Our Immigration System is unfair...

Lib/Lab/Con Imposed Mass Immigration, and they want more of it...

More of the EU telling us what to do...

Another reason to vote out the Westminster Elite...





UKIP's Immigration Policy is built on fairness...

Cameron is too little too late...

Young Independence at Margate...

Cameron irresponsible...

Political Pinocchios failing to stand up for Britain...

Britain is a great place to do business post-EU...

Cameron knows best apparently...

This is madness...

That NATO 2% again...it will not go away...

Funded by UK Government...no scratch that...Funded by UK Taxpayers...

BBC Bias...beyond a joke...

Its definitive...

BBC and its questionable funding practices...

They want your pension...

One more defector?

They think its all a game...with us as pawns...

Anti-democratic EU again...

How to bury bad news...

For those that missed it...

£4 Billion...in Green subsidies...

Suzanne Evans at Margate...

8 Reasons for cutting Foreign Aid...

Believing in Britain's Small Businesses...

We're making history...

Preserving the Union...

@Nigel_Farage reluctantly requests Police Protection from the Home Office...

Video: Staggering Migration Figures...

@Nigel_Farage to get a hero's welcome in the US...

Britain's Historians Unite to Oppose EU Integration...

Britain's brightest are leaving, and replaced with low-skilled migrants...

EU has gone mad again...

Church of England enters politics...

What austerity?

1.1 Million people since Cameron and Clegg were elected in 2010...

Special Thanks to Marino Pacini, of MBP Auto Services, 

Only UKIP are trusted to deal with immigration...

Green Party Deputy Leader in a speech...would he get your vote?

It might have something to do with Green Party Policy on recreational drugs, but we can only speculate...

Please do urge people to Register to Vote...whatever party they wish to vote for...

More fruitcakes...

Its almost unbelievable...but then its Labour...

Gimme...gimme...gimme...

They call us fruitcakes...or used to...

Oh dear...

'We're a Labour family...'

UKIP's NHS Plans...

Steven Woolfe speaks his mind...

Our Courts now mean nothing...

Coalition playing a dangerous game with our membership of NATO...

You can't push a cigarette paper between them...

UKIP plan for migrants to be banned from free NHS Care for five years...





UKIP Launch NHS Policy...

'Skewed' Poll...

Kicked out because he was in UKIP...

EU plans to tax e-cigarettes...

Even if Germany makes such a decision, do we really want to live under a political system where Berlin rules us?

Interesting angle...

Do you think Miliband secured this man's vote?

Nice Looking map, lets make sure of it in May... 
There's some good news to start us off...

We do like Fish n Chips...tis true...

@Nigel_Farage goes to CPAC, and also backs the European Ryder Cup Team...

It seems we're paying Argentina to attack us...again...

Oops!

It would seem that someone is now in trouble...

@SuzanneEvans1 on Question Time...

£12 Billion Overseas Aid Programme is useless...

Desperate Dave looks worried...

It seems they weren't listening...

Even the pink bus is crumbling...

Who will Labour alienate next week?

EU wants to start setting Tax Rates in the UK...

@SuzanneEvans1 and @Nigel_Farage Q&amp;A...

Believe in Britain Speeches...



Believe in Britain...

An insult to all women...

Lets break that Dam and get rid of the LibLabCon for good...

What does Labour keep offending people?

The EU is breaching International Law...FACT...

Do you feel it yet?  The progressive diversity being foisted upon us?


Noses in the trough...

Had no party to vote for in a long time?  Not Registered to Vote?
Watch this video on how to do it...then Vote UKIP..

Labour wishes to remove the innocence of childhood...

Saving the Sovereignty of this country starts with you...and me...

The rise of EuroCorps...

If only the Tories had spent that £1 on the background check...

Green Party Membership being given away free with a holiday...thats how they did it...

£750,000 tax payers money per annum to transport Miliband about?  You couldn't make this up...what a waste...

Jews attack Derby School for comparing UKIP with the Nazis...

Just goes to show you cannot trust the LibLabCon with the NHS...

Labour, a catastrophe waiting to happen...

The British Tax Payer is the victim here...

English Votes for English matters...

Time to save another £9 Billion a year, Vote UKIP...


Good news for someone in Shropshire...


Just how 'Nasty' will the LibLabCon campaigning get before the General Election?

We can't think of any reason to vote for the legacy LibLabCon, here's a 100 reasons to Vote UKIP...

@SuzanneEvans1 Deputy Chair, Head of Policy, our PPC, we couldn't have wished for a better candidate, just Vote UKIP 

They start this on the railways and sooner than you think we'll lose Miles and have Kilometres on our roads...


@UKIPPOOLE @RedHotSquirrel Looking forward to seeing you in Shropshire @Steven_Woolfe !
Cameron wants us out of NATO, it'll be EuroCorps for us then...

Green Party, say no more...

Did the Tories properly check out their new defector?

Nigel Farage explains all...

No-one else can make this pledge...


Sign the petition at: 
Juncker see's writing on the wall, Cameron doesn't...

The Swiss seem to know something is about to happen...

News like this just beggars belief...

We 'ARE' the only Party sticking up for the ordinary British People...

This should also give Nick 'who is he anyway?' Clegg something to think about...

Honesty is the best policy for the NHS...

No?  Labour Flagship Policy wrong after all?

Apparently we're to blame as Eurosceptics for the increased risk of terrorism on the UK...

Farage on Friday...

You will do what the Labour Party says because you're incapable of making adult decisions...

If Cameron carries on with his cuts to the MoD, we'll be kicked out of NATO as we're ineffective...

Why the Mansion Tax will be next to useless...

Cameron again, this time its breath-taking...

Nigel Farage comments on recent events...

Eurozone enters deflation...

We were joking about it before...but it seems Merkel really does run the UK...

When will Miliband tell the English this...


The paperwork burden of family doctors is adding to the A&amp;E Crisis...

Cameron can't change free movement, take it from the EU Commission...

Patrick O'Flynn blasts Labour and the Tories...

Young Independence holds South West Launch on 31st January...

Paul Nuttall sets out UKIPs NHS Policy...


CON - 32% (-1)
LAB - 32% (-1)
UKIP - 18% (+5)
LDEM - 7% (-1)
GRN - 6% (-1)

Protest party? Flash…
@RobinLavender53 We would :) !
Cameron concedes he would likely trigger us leaving NATO...

Eurozone Membership renegotiable, says EU...

Greece may leave the Euro...

More problems with the Euro...

A recent, but good 15 minutes plus interview with our PPC Suzanne @SuzanneEvans1...

EU gets citizens to pay for their own brainwashing...

Here's another Billion UKIP would've saved...

A wrestling tag team, the winner has been decided between them, voting for a legacy party is a waste, VOTE UKIP!!!

56 Lib Dem MPs now, and they will form a coalition with anyone, desperate or what?

As UKIP is not going to implode, the Tory starting gun means nothing at all...

Nigel on Sky News...

We can all grow without Miliband...

The EU could wake up and smell the coffee if it were hot...

EU 'nanny-state' now tells us when to turn off the TV...

We're not like the others...

Labour seem to be self destructing, the good news keeps rolling in...

Harlescott Incinerator causing havoc: 
Link to reports on poll suggesting UKIP could get 128 seats at #GW2015: 
Analysis of a new poll predicts Ukip could win up to 128 seats at the next general election in 2015. And why not?!
This just beggars belief...

More headache's for Cameron...

More EU Madness...

Not good news for Miliband...

They don't like Cameron in Europe, much like we don't like the LibCon Coalition running the UK...

Former Labour Mayor joins UKIP...

Well done Nigel... 
Lets make the Government Accountable on this 800 year anniversary of Magna Carta, vote UKIP in May...

Labour turning hunting issue into class warfare...

Oh look, a deliberate error; more Labour dirty tricks exposed...

Christmas Pressie for UKIP, another disaster for Labour...

Gift for British Political Leaders...

A story to cheer us all up at this festive time of year...

Only UKIP is going to stand against mass immigration...

@StChadsShrews We have and they're as gorgeous as ever!
Only UKIP wants to talk about it...

Tories plan for two General Elections in 2015...

Apparently we're 'silly'...

Keith Vaz; Minister for Europe 1997-2001 + welcoming migrants at airports vs critique of Immigration Service...???

The General Election Campaign starts this Friday...

EU forces SME's to pay VAT...

Labour's record on NHS nothing as good as they make out...

Farage: Cameron is as bad as Blair...

EU now relying on Santa Claus to balance the budget...

Planned future Tory Defence Cuts are madness...

France sticking the boot in to Cameron's treaty 'renegotiations'...

Too many Ghost Airports...

More nurses need to be trained in this country...

Still a need to tackle wage compression...

Get it right, it's the West Louvain Question...not the West Lothian Question that needs addressing...

For those in need of a smile, Lord Heseltine gives us all a laugh...

'We can't do anything without a proposal from the EU Commission and the unanimous agreement of all 28 member states.'

We really are a major campaigning political force in the UK, the figures back this up...

Nobody knows where all the people with expired visas are...

Another great Farage speech...

The European Union Christmas...it's not wonderful either...

An American assessment of Labour fears about UKIP...

Cameron wants 80 Million more people with a right to come here...

The more news released about the effects of uncontrolled immigration, the worse the picture...

We knew this already, but now it's admitted...

Labour is running scared...

This is why we are attracting people from all political parties...

Another misuse of EU funds...

That man Juncker...again...

Someone please tell Nick Clegg...

Juncker wants people to vote the way he tells them...

Ed says...not a lot...

Shrewsbury &amp; Atcham UKIP PPC @SuzanneEvans1 on Daily Politics

Tim does a good job, the Labour candidate struggled badly...Tories and Lib Dems didn't bother to turn up...

Just great isn't it?

As if the situation isn't bad enough...Cameron wants further expansion of the EU, and come to the UK...

Devastating News for Miliband...most Labour Voters now back UKIP and want to leave the EU...

We get cuts, the EU decides to spend more...

Meanwhile at Tory HQ, things do not look rosey...

These are our voters they are talking about...

Labour's problems are mounting...

Another one of Nick Clegg's Myths bites the dust...

Energy Companies have too many friends in Westminster...

Its no longer a question of left or right, it's a question of right or wrong...

@Ilikethinking Subject to your definition of 'multicultural' you might find ours is too! As a teacher shouldn't you challenge stereotypes?
Labour Party on back foot in Wales...

Another view on the Breast Feeding nonsense...

Utterly dreadful behaviour from left wingers...we want the whole LibLabCon out yet we won't plumb such depths...

Game over, Alan Titchmarsh on our side?  We've won!!! (nearly)

12 valid business reasons to ditch the EU...

More on François Crépeau's own bigotry...

EU money pit grows bigger by £100 Million a year...

Westminster Elite not listening to British Public, never mind, this Law can be repealed if you vote UKIP in May...

Storm in media teacup, because they have nothing better to do, listen to what he says, a sensible viewpoint...

Labour Party sound like they are in panic, rather than waiting for Government...

Tories may now be weaker in East Shropshire, but lets see what the CPS says about it...

UKIP win 40% of the vote in Thurrock Council By-Election victory...

Who is George Osbourne trying to kid...

£9 Billion down to £2 Billion is a reasonable cut...

It's a start, lets hope more company's follow suit...

UKIP, Party that cares for the Disabled...yes...tell the Loony Left...and Vote UKIP...

What the Americans think...

Rochdale has to be a UKIP Target Seat next May, with problems like this, the only common sense vote is UKIP...

Nobody has released a Manifesto yet, but maybe the tories should read what the Green's want...

These people are here to stay, lets just stop the rest of them coming, Vote UKIP before its too late...

If no other country in the World wants to pay for their treatment, why should we?

Does anyone remember Nick Clegg?

We are such a soft touch...they steal from us left right and centre...

Nice work if you can get it...

Bare cupboard...and yet we're five months from a General Election...buying votes anyone?

Can't see Cameron crossing the Polish Red Line...

EU puts up ferry prices to Europe...

But would the Greens have the Tories?

Please do watch out for Fake UKIP Accounts, it's a malicious ploy by people who wish to damage politics...

No election, just a hand over of a Presidency from Belgium to Poland...

These immigrants don't cost us more do they...or maybe they do...

What we say... 
François Crépeau, UN special rapporteur for migrants’ rights, 'British attitudes towards immigration are “b******t”'

George Osbourne's 'Smoke and Mirrors Politics'

Only Farage is listening at all, certainly the only one listening to our youth...

Gordon Brown's 18th?

Coalition spending £100 Billion more than it takes in taxes...

Osbourne just giving back with his left hand, after his right hand took it...

Labour knives out for Miliband...

Nigel says it all...

Then there's the estimated two million dependants of migrants that place an unproductive burden on the UK...

Staggering figures to think about...

It's the Romanians we have too thank, apparently...

Shocking reality for uncontrolled EU Immigration...

Another viewpoint on immigration...

LibLabCon Titanic, General Election Iceberg, who will win?

Students at risk of what exactly?

Total failure...

The Tory Con-trick revealed...

The Left-wing agree we cannot control immigration inside the EU...

No-one is buying it anymore Cameron, time to give it up...

Nigel saw it, let no-one now deny it...

A decade of failure, and in May almost 40 years since the vote on the EEC, should concentrate the minds of many...

A problem all over Shropshire: Council resignation call over Market Drayton homes plan 
Labour's days are numbered...

You tell him Nigel...

The bad news just got worse, there's more migrants that they thought...

£5 Billion in Tax Credits given annually to EU Migrants...

Extinction Level Event, thats 7th May for the LibLabCon, but read this heartwarming story about the Tories...

The Tories still think they will be in office on 7th May...lets wake them up...Vote UKIP...

Make head or tail of this; Labour wants to expand EU AND 'Control Immigration'...

Which Tories should defect to UKIP?

It's money Labour are after, sell the Gold Reserves, the Important Houses, raid the schools for charity money...

As ever Clegg on fence, benefit curbs but not caps on migrants?  The man makes no sense at all...

They just can't help dipping their hands into the public purse...

Cameron caught lying at PMQs...

Cameron misleading us again...

Mirror tries to steer people away from UKIP, their own poll on this link says different...

On the EU Titanic, they are now fixated with Marigolds...the gloves...

The Labour elephant in the van...

Different perspective, same conclusions, Cameron has had it...

Labour has no idea how bad things are for them...

Another view on the broken Immigration target...

Problem is, nobody believes a word he says anymore...

5 1/2 months to go, its a case of too little, too late, everyone is voting UKIP...
An environmental disaster in the making...

More bad news for Cameron...

Apparently Nick Clegg doesn't like us...maybe we're off his Christmas Card list too...

Not content with selling off our Gold Reserves, they now plan to sell everything else, even if its bolted down...

No real surprise, 'no ifs, no buts' = 'Cast iron guarantee'...

The difference is we don't dress it up anything other than what it is...

#Shrewsbury MP says he's prepared to intervene in village planning. 
Who will defect?

The EU orders UK pay another £680 Million because of refusal to pay the £1.7 Billion in one go...

The political class aren't laughing anymore...

Its ok to buy a new Dyson this month, he's on our side...

Watch @MarkReckless get sworn in at Westminster as our second MP...

UKIP Map of opinion polls... 
Labour thinks the UKIP Victory last night was 'anti-politics'...is there no end to the spin?

UKIP Gathers momentum...

You only have to listen, most of Westminster don't, its our responsibility to pass judgement on that on 7th May...

Thats number 271 secured, now for the rest of them...


Double the MPs we had yesterday - many Congratulations to @MarkReckless! #UKIP on the rise. 
Yes, it is our economy, and we want to control it, not leave it in the hands of the EU Superstate...

UKIP Backs Students...


UKIP MEP Amjad Bashir calls for a cut in UK Foreign Aid...

Tories facing catastrophe...

Labour rank and file (the deceived), resort to the racist card when they fail to comprehend...

LBC tips UKIP will get 2nd MP in Westminster...

Another Poll indicates that Labour reduced to five seats in Scotland and unable to form a Majority Government...

Will they won't they vote?  Is a Cameron promise worth a jot?  How about his 'Cast Iron Guarantees'?

With the UK such a soft target for migrants to get benefits, Christmas not be the best time to take a car to Europe..

Fudge anyone?  The Tory Campaign Bus has an unlimited supply...

The lies, they just keep coming...

“It isn't racist to be worried about immigration or to call for immigration reform.”
Labour Shadow Home Secretary, Yvette Cooper, 18/11/2014
An interesting set of Interviews of Candidates in Rochester &amp; Strood, worth watching...

Labour 'Pledge' to tackle EU immigration is easily pulled apart...

Rabbit in the headlights anyone...

Looks like we're now 15 pts ahead of the Tories in Rochester &amp; Strood...'we're smashing the Labour vote to pieces'...

Cameron admits EU Membership is going to prolong austerity and add years of cuts because the Eurozone is failing...

Labour sold most of it, here's a list of 71 MPs planning to sell more of the NHS off....VOTE UKIP and save the NHS...

Scottish Labour in Meltdown, they forget that Labour planned the Trident replacement, Cameron just signed it off...

Some elite Labour luvvies more equal than others and want it to remain so within the socialist machine...

Just five Scottish Labour MPs projected to remain after 2015 General Election, the good news is no Labour Majority...

OK, ok, big pinch of salt with this one, its from the Mirror, they seem to know where the Tory Defectors might be...

Energy Policy, discussed democratically within UKIP, adopted and presented by UKIP; copy and paste by the Tories...

News for exPM Major (Not yet on trial for Treason?), it is profoundly un-British to capitulate British Sovereignty...

It seems 'neo' Labour has lost the 'New' Labour Mondeo Man to UKIP...perhaps it was the 'Hope not Hate' campaign...?

The Guardian doesn't know what to make of us?  The LibLabCon are staring in the headlights of a 7th May defeat...

The depths the Tories have plummeted to, graveyards desecrated by election posters, now the value of your house...

I think most people who vote UKIP already realise this, but IDS pushes a few more undecided our way...thanks pal...

Another LibLabCon trick?  Major (Not on trial for Treason?), trying to get another one over us...lend me your vote...

Cameron admits we're still stuffed by the Euro by being in the EU...

Proof of why the vote on the European Arrest Warrant was so important...

Well, well, well...seems they wasn't telling the truth...again...

I think Tim Acker won this one...

Tories have given up in Rochester &amp; Strood...



Faceless Donations to Tories, but we're funded by you... 
They were wrong then; they are wrong now. @DanHannanMEP nails it on why we shouldn't listen to the Euro fanatics: 
@SuzanneEvans1 hits back...

Less than a week to go before our 2nd MP in Westminster?

@UKIP policy is to keep the NHS...

@UKIP will save the NHS...

You tell him Nige...
Forget Labour's lies. This is the truth about UKIP and the NHS: 
Apparently, UKIP Policies are against the ethos of Eskdale School, North Yorkshire...
Seems Wallace is not doing so well without Gromit...
Is this not Election Rigging Mr Cameron?

Looks like they want to keep it all a big secret from the British Public...
Instability David?  For who exactly?
Steven Woolfe responds...

Useful to know...

Seems we're looking comfortable in Rochester &amp; Strood...

Whats really at stake here...yet nobody is even aware...

Nigel gathers People's Army outside Westminster...
Tories welch on vote they promise to themselves on the EAW, so Cast Iron Guarantee for an EU Referendum in doubt......
Multinationals join the Black Economy, Starbucks, Drugs, Prostitution, Smuggling, and UK gets a £1.7 Billion bill....

Intriguing! RT@MediaGuido: In 10yrs of @Guardian hypocrisy don't think we've ever uncovered something as hypocritical as our scoop tomorrow.
Already doing her bit for the Constituency 
Our PPC @SuzanneEvans1 at conference 
Our West Midlands MEP @JamesJimCarver will be on BBC1 shortly talking about possible devolution for English regions - after the local news.

Watch BBC1 England 10.35pm for debates looking at possible devolved powers


UKIP: The only party that recognises the threat to the countryside  says Simon Jenkins: 
Watch @afneil with @GreenJeanMEP @BillDudleyNorth @SebDance
 

No real recall, no EU referendum, no effective border control, just a £1.7bn bill we don't want. And Cameron says the people are the boss?

#UKIP <REGIONAL INDICATOR SYMBOL LETTER G + REG> 
There's also fruitcake :) ! 
We have a bric-a-brac stall in the Market Square this morning. Come and say hello to our PPC @SuzanneEvans1 
How the Tories have abandoned the countryside: by #ukip's new Heritage Spokesman and Shropshire lad William Cash: 
Brilliant from @RaheemJKassam: If Tory Party Was Serious About Keeping Ed Out It Wouldn't Have Contested Heywood... 
Our Parliamentary Candidate @suzanneevans1 was on the telly last night: 
Shropshire's William Cash explains why he answered UKIP's call to be its Heritage spokesman: 
WATCH: Prospective Shrewsbury &amp; Atcham UKIP MP Suzanne Evans' speech to party conference: 
A big @ukip welcome to our latest defector, Ludlow-based William Cash, son of MP Bill: 
Our PPC @SuzanneEvans1 tells Jacob Rees-Mogg UKIP Does Not Want a Tory Pact 
Meanwhile, more coverage of our protest in West Felton ' Danger road’ fear over village homes 
The rush to destroy our villages continues: Plans for nearly 350 new homes in north Shropshire are backed 
A tragedy agricultural land is being lost to developers' greed - plenty of unsold housing already in #WestFelton! 
...and plans to slice space out of already far too narrow Holyhead Rd to make way for housing development 2/2 
Joined with North Shropshire UKIP &amp; West Felton residents today protesting over-development of the village... 1/2 
@shrewsmorris Thanks for following us back!
Plans for new link road between #M54 and the #M6 motorways go out to consultation - a N'bound connection at last? 
Fancy an evening cruise down the beautiful River Severn? Join us Sun 21 Sept on @Sabrina_Boat, just £20 with buffet. 
100 years after WWI &amp; our world is still plagued by 'Middle Ages' inhumanity says @Nigel_Farage: 
Water firm says sorry for illegal Shropshire road signs in kilometres 
This is @UKIPShrewsbury the official twitter feed of UKIP in the Shrewsbury and Atcham constituency
