I only have 14 note cards left but I don't want to do them
also the suffragists got arrested for literally everything?? They were arrested for a law about not lighting fires from dusk till dawn
suffragists in 1917 made a giant fire in front of the white house to embarrass the president and burned his speeches. good times.
and still have 30 more to do this is so stupid
i've done 50 notecards today i hate life
malachite's theme is so cool wtf
if i did 20 notecards per hour i could be done w this fuckin assignment in 3 hours but i really don't want to do it at all
@aCoolHufflepuff i am so sorry
my mom bought some patterns today and it's making me angry that i don't have time to sew anything till summer
my grades are falling drastically bc of anxiety and i'm on the verge of a breakdown every passing second. school is so fun
my day is switching between writing a slam poem about lgbtq+ representation and taking extensive notes for a paper about feminism
.@emilyirlose i am pleased with this answer 
drawing lapis lazuli flipping people off on surfboards made of shape shifted crystal gems is my fav thing to do 
it's funny bc my stepmom is so up to date w any drama about anyone in my friend groups since i always end up venting to her
@_AlexHirsch what are they even saying?? are they just singing or
@Valkyrie_V it's rude and stupid so stop fucking making that assumption
yes hello just because i'm ace doesn't mean i won't date people and frankly i am offended that everyone keeps thinking that
JOHN: everybody?? 
JOHN: even dave???!!! 
VRISKA: He's gay, John.
VRISKA: Every8ody's gay.
VRISKA: Every…
JOHN: not jade too. 
JOHN: are you sure? 
VRISKA: Yes John.
JOHN: you mean like GAY gay? 
VRISKA: Every8…
why is regina spektor's music so good i don't understand
@DerekLandy the new cover looks awesome so far!! have you learned anymore about publishing in america at all?
why are straight people so desperate to be included jfc 
the original nina and dorrito @aCoolHufflepuff 
i fucked up my hand on the way out of play pro earlier and now it hurts so bad
i fell asleep in all of the modelling makeup and it's everywhere
i have to go do that modelling thing in like an hour but i'm in pajamas with really smudged makeup on from yesterday
exactly how large would one's skeleton army need to b... — i don't have an exact number, but it would certainly ... 
also now they give you free furry ears at great wolf lodge. starting the kids off young.
I'm at great wolf lodge rn and I think the people are getting annoyed bc I get free ice cream for my birthday and I have had so much
Woo, birthday!
idk why i've been dreading going on stage for this play but today it was surprisingly fun
i made my  sister watch steven universe with me and now she loves it. this is good.
"ivy please stop singing you're not a crystal gem" don't tell me how to live my life 
i found an extended version of "we are the crystal gems" with a whole other section to it
i just had to witness my mother try to explain the difference between "boo" and "bae" to my step-dad i hate this
i want to work at disneyland as a disney princess aside from the fact that I have to deal with kids
just another normal english assignment 
@aCoolHufflepuff i think i'm just gonna make all the backgrounds different skeleton pictures
would it be wrong to put posing skeletons in english presentations
me 
why r u so gr8 — idk but i appreciate you thinkin so 
i don't think i've ever been to a concert that i wasn't actually related to the artist(s) playing and tonight was no different
tfw you fall in love w/ garnet and try to recite creepy shakespearean love letters in the rain dramatically 
the new steven universe was about a struggling and sad young actor who fell in love w/ garnet. i feel you, sad actor child. i feel you.
@DerekLandy did you see the picture of the tdotl valkyrie cosplay i did
[nervous laughing] i'm sure it's not that hard to cosplay a giant six-armed monster creature... i could do it... 
MEED FOR SPEED @yesitsmarlena
i've listened to "stronger than you" like 80 times today i love the gay singing rocks i don't even care
i made one 
confirmed 
i love lapis lazuli from su more than i love life tbh
i just tried trimming my hair a little bit to get rid of the gross ends and i'm honestly just hoping it's even

i really want to finish my witch painting to try to submit it to the arts festival but i can't work on it till thursday and its due friday
me trying to show people jailbreak: hey look at this big lesbian rock made of two smaller lesbian rocks singing about it to a buff rock
@FM_Deduction no, i've been missing too much class because of it already
my anxiety is so bad. i want to vomit
i actually did an assignment on time. i'm so proud of me
I bought like 25 yards of fabric at an estate sale earlier for $6
@BrookeStarbard everyone else's seem basically fine bc i'm not in them
zombie approaches from the underbrush and 8 foot tall bartender and smaller well-dressed woman are frozen in fear 
@Valkyrie_V the children fear for their lives and flee to live out their lives in safety 
alien space craft hovers dangerously close and oddly dressed civilians are afraid of death 
trying to get through finals week 
the real life emotion of ?????? 
why the hell does my mom zoom in so much it's terrible and makes me look awful and you can't see anything i'm doing
@Valkyrie_V and i was rushing through the whole thing and looked so gross bc of my braces ughhh
ugh i sounded so bad in my teacher monologue because i was nervous and it made me sound like i have a lisp the whole time
@Valkyrie_V i need your gmail accounts if i don't already have it
i'm uploading the videos of the one act festival on to my computer now, who wants me to send it to them once i've finished??
who wants to join the "help ivy do her super late notes for history so she doesn't fail" club
why does everything i write about poetry for english make me sound like a bitter and cynical old woman
i passed the running start test and i'm excited
why does my mom get irritated with me for being upset. what is she trying to achieve
@KairyMeza 
how badly do i need to injure myself to go to a hospital for a week so i don't have to go to school
i want to claw my eyes out i don't care anymore
my current emotion is just: [loud screaming]
idk why i thought that i might stop feeling crappy considering school started up again but i feel like 10 times worse
@SignyJosang 
i wanna cosplay opal but at the same time there's an entire song about her being a giant woman and i am a tiny 5'3 child
i bought a bath bomb thing today and i'm excited
my leg is gonna have the biggest fucking bruise from those stairs
me, very clearly asleep: no i'm not sleeping i swear i'm fine
this time it shattered when I crushed my hand and it stabbed me and it started bleeding profusely. it was fun.
that's, what, the third one I've smashed there? maybe the fourth?
I smashed yet another one of the black rings in the theatre today
why the hell did they think that brick stairs were a good idea don't they know that tired people will fall down them
I went to the college campus and fell down a flight of brick/ cement stairs
we saw lions fucking at the zoo
@FM_Deduction yes
@Valkyrie_V @aCoolHufflepuff this is what i was trying to explain earlier
the best vine 
wip for a painting I guess? 
kinda want to start memorizing lines already but also kinda need isabella to be here for that
how do people keep finding my old tweets to retweet them
easter egg hunts are so much more effective with money involved
does anyone know about how much it would cost to bleach and dye most of my hair to get it dark grey?
my irish stepgrandma is my favorite because she hates people and tells weird stories
@DerekLandy oh hey did you see the tdotl valkyrie cosplay i did? I tweeted it to you a few days ago
i really want to cosplay lapis lazuli bc she's the best 
like yeah thanks for making me grow up well but i taught myself to believe in equality and free choice and not being judgemental of others
i don't understand why adults always take responsibility for any good traits you have and claim it was their influence that did it
@DerekLandy you should be feeling pretty great, good job!!
@BrookeStarbard i don't think anyone realises that we're working w a barbie movie aesthetic here
either way i feel like shit
@Valkyrie_V --makes me think that it's real or if i actually have it
@Valkyrie_V --to my mom bc i don't want to freak her out, but at the same time i can't tell if it's real or if it's just my anxiety that--
idk i feel like it's really likely i have depression bc of how i feel all the time + it runs in my family but i don't want to say anything--
i cut my lip open and started bleeding bc i tried to eat a fucking cupcake

it's like six feet long and it's just chillin. i have no where to put it.
i'm tryin to put all my cosplay props away in this big box so my room looks cleaner but i still have this giant ass trident here
and my anxiety keeps making me sick with either not eating for too long or eating too much and wanting to throw up either way
i keep thinking everyone is annoyed to have me around whether its true or not andd it's making my anxiety and stuff act up
@aCoolHufflepuff why is this in the past tense if we're still here
yes hi friends i feel like at least half of you are annoyed w me right now so you're gonna have to be clear about why bc i have no idea
@aCoolHufflepuff don't do this
@suzieislame honestly tho who doesn't
i really want to dye my hair w the dark grey thing
fuego has a jewelry sale and i bought like 5 or 6 things for $20 and it's awesome

APRIL FOOLS! I'm actually their Dark High Chancellor…
@ConorBrumell oh I'm going to
I mean I went in to the school and reported them but still??? what makes them think that is in any way an okay thing to do????
and they fucking know who I am??? they've met me multiple times bc they are in the same grade as my sister
"you don't look like a faggot don't wear a fucking pin" I'm going to beat the shit out of them
and all of them were shouting at me and backing away after trying to fuckin catcall I hate this
Middle school fuckboys called me a "faggot ass bitch" when I walked past bc of my ace pin and I'm going to murder him and his friends
oh my god it's midnight and i didn't finish my essay
derek better see the picture of my val cosplay bc he needs to see that i am cooler than i was 2 years ago to this exact day
@DerekLandy in other news, that eyeliner i used to draw on the tattoo still hasn't come off
everyone at comicon thought I was Death but considering it was Valkyrie Cain I guess it was close enough @DerekLandy 
i didn't realize that nicki minaj voiced sugilite but it totally works
my smartest purchase at comicon tbh 
it's not even raining????
why was the thunder so longg
holy shit there's some loud thunder outside
@aCoolHufflepuff we're gonna kill it tho, i have some funny ideas for us
@aCoolHufflepuff no we have one line together where we both say "spare change". it's the moment of truth
i mean i love the idea of being a crazy sister w/ isabella bc that's perfect for us but i would like to be in it more
i like the new play but i feel like the the roles are all tiny and i'm only in it like four times
i know comicon literally just ended &amp; i'm lovin cosplay-free life rn but i really wanna be Lapis
i... i am out of episodes... i watched 52 episodes of steven universe in one day
there's over 50 of them
i;ve watched over half of all the existing episodes just today
garnet is literally perfect
i just watched 20 episodes nonstop of steven universe. please help me
i've had a total of about eleven hours of sleep, basically no food, and pain in my legs and feet for three days straight but comicon was fun
i keep finding pics of me and @aCoolHufflepuff on tumblr from comicon 
pokemon pillow pets are a real thing and i'm glad to own one
@ur_pimp_daddy you will see plenty later
my feet + legs have never been in more pain
@ur_pimp_daddy they're mostly on isabella and marlena's phones
shout out to the stand at eccc selling asexual + feminism pins for $1
Alex Kingston glanced in my direction earlier and it was the best moment of my life @emeraldcitycon
ONE ACTS ARE OVER
@KairyMeza you're literally the nicest person ever and i love you
come see one acts for the last time tomorrow night at 7 pm at Edmonds Woodway High School!
shoutout to everyone who helped me stop crrying before one acts, esp @KairyMeza bc she's amazing
i keep freaking out over everything today i almost started crying bc the sewing machine beeped at me
@aCoolHufflepuff thank you but i'm not proud of me and it's bringing me down
and a whole bunch of other weird things that come from anxiety
also bc my monologues fucking suck and i am extremely disappointed in myself as a whole
i'm probaably gonna end up crying before the play tomorrow bc of how stressed i am :)
i love when peren retweets me being annoyed w him. it's so nice compared to when he blocked me &lt;3
@Valkyrie_V like it's as if it was somehow deemed necessary to be a white child to focus that magically appeared out of a not white family
i feel like a white washed fictional character next to my very persian looking family
fuck i need to make witch business cards what do i put on them
oh shit carissa just followed me and now she gets to see all the swearing i do
@carissavotolato jk i ttalk to myself frequently
@carissavotolato ugh gross i don't talk to LOSERS
@carissavotolato loser
I just smacked my head into the roof of the car somewhat violently so if I seem off today that probably has something to do with it
@suzieislame i read this as rory harper
to girls: if i compliment you on something out of nowhere its bc i need to and i will feel bad for like 20 minutes if i don't
every video i've watched of puck's monologue involves singing
my makeup is on point today and i'm not even leaving my house
@KairyMeza the true I-VY
i ate enough teriyaki to feed a small family today
i feel like a tree @KairyMeza
@Valkyrie_V i'm perfectly capable of hanging out at a friend's house w/o getting fucking murdered calm the fuck down
@Valkyrie_V or that he even could like what the hell
especially when i've been in touch with my mom too? he needs to stop acting like he needs to protect me bc i'm not a fucking five year old
why's my brother being so fuckin pissy about me being home late?? he doesn't have the authority to fucking scold me he's not an adult
next year i'm just gonna dress as Dipper Pines and not have to actually make anything for my cosplay
they're turning against me. fuckin traitors.
i had a nightmare about skeletons last night btw
who is she 
rare, real life footage of @aCoolHufflepuff in her natural habitat!! a magnificent sight to behold! 
Dr Horrible is fantastic and free movie sing a longs with it are even better
@gaybabyjail i will be the alpha ivy
other people named ivy make me so confused. i go by this name so no one else will confuse me for someone else. there can be only one.
sometimes i try to figure out why my shoulders hurt and it's probably because i sit like a fucking gremlin all the time
what the hell do i wear for Puck
ONE MONOLOGUE BASICALLY DOWN. WOO.
@emilyirlose he is CERTAINLY really fuckin stupid. CERTAINLY it'll be an accident if I happen to hit him w a shovel. CERTAINLY.
@emilyirlose i did an assignment for the first time in like a month today and he didn't even grade it. i was so mad.
i'm memorizing two monologues tonight for a show in one week from today. i feel so prepared
i made the mistake of eating like six of those strawberry flavored wafer bar things and i regret it
@Valkyrie_V I've been keeping tally every period since December. Previous high scores were 28 and 31.
Congratulations to Mr Louie for beating his previous high score for how many times he says "Certainly" in a class period. Today it was 43.
"you'll probably end up with four body paragraphs" how about i just do something that is not that
considering how long i procrastinated this Curcible essay + didn't actually read a lot of the middle of the play,i'm doing surprisingly well
why do probably not legal tv show websites load so slowly
i want to go adventuring in ikea but at the same time i don't want to get lost and die of old age before escaping, you know?
@ur_pimp_daddy i know!! if you like her music kate nash is really good too
@ur_pimp_daddy i'm literally listening to her right now and i agree so much
if your birthday is in december, there's a good chance you were conceived today. happy st. patrick's day!
@DerekLandy the back cover looks so cool! thank god you posted it today though because I was about to start making my gauntlet for Val
shoutout to @KairyMeza for being the best ever at cheering people up
@KairyMeza i think i just need like some extra hugs tomorrow or something
@KairyMeza but i'm stressed bc i'm running out of time &amp; behind on things that are important to me
bc i'm getting worse at that down low bit
do you ever get that really overwhelming urge to cry for like three days straight but are just really good at keeping it on the down low
i was going to do homework but i found a website with all the gravity falls episodes
i don't know whether to be flattered or uncomfortable but i'm leaning towards option two ?? 
@SignyJosang IT LOOKS SO GOOD
@KairyMeza nope, just all of it as a whole entity. the party lives on in us all. for eternity.
@JackFar17 @yesitsmarlena it was included with being part of team we-stayed-the-whole-night
BOY (SPACE) PARTY 2K15
i'm so excited to not have to make cosplays
i hope mr louie is prepared to read the most fucking ridiculous autobiography from lenin that i have to write
i say "i'm gay" a whole lot for someone who's ace
i hope that some of you people following me from school are aware that i have literally no idea who you are
@aCoolHufflepuff throwback to having three months of a concussion
@aCoolHufflepuff literally tho
@aCoolHufflepuff he said i shouldn't be letting it affect me so much and like ???? i think you do not understand what anxiety is
saying that things i enjoy shouldn't be things that stress me out which i know and also does nothing to stop them from being stressful
i feel like my dad is trying to help w my anxiety issues but telling me that its something I "have complete control over" is not helping
@Valkyrie_V 
@suzieislame oh my god i knew there was a reason i wanted to move there
@Valkyrie_V did ireland seriously accidentally legalize a bunch of drugs and make heterosexual marriage illegal
oh my god ireland what the hell is happening
@yesitsmarlena i spelled it right and he didn't even give me a different word to spell after it, just told me i was wrong and it was a LIE
@sassy_zoe you underestimate how much of an off day i'm capable of having
aw I got invited to my dad and embers wedding. its all official now.
I just got a letter with a fancy seal ??? 
I tried to tell my sister her knee was hitting me but I accidentally said leg elbow
my dad is playing the nacho libre soundtrack in the car
@yesitsmarlena i know and it was SO worth it
I SPELLED XEROPHTHALMIOLOGY RIGHT
@TheGeeMoney "can't get men club" jokes on you bc multiple people in there are gay anyway
I feel like I'm behind on everything
other people memorizing lines already is making me so stressed I feel sick
@Valkyrie_V idk what she's looking at but i'm scared to check 
my cat took over my pillow and won't leave 
@aCoolHufflepuff yeah, shit's been bitchin down in skeleton hell, that's why I've been missing school. gotta chill w my skelefolk.
when i don't wear makeup i feel like i look like three years younger and it's weird
i fucked up my wrist last night when i was having panic attacks in my sleep and it still hurts wtf
bc my mechanism for not ever having stage fright is that the audience is judging the play, not me, but this time it's BOTH
the idea of even having someone READ it makes me feel sick
i'm excited about doing my own play but the idea of having something i wrote performed in front of people makes me want to vomit
@Valkyrie_V - cared about me even though i like girls something like that could happen and it literally makes me want to cry
@Valkyrie_V but like. it could happen to anyone bc it's so common to hate people and its terrifying. if i wasn't surrounded by people who -
@Valkyrie_V the fact that someone could hate someone else so much bc of who they love is disgusting
very very powerful video where the roles of heterosexuality and homosexuality are switched 
i hope my teachers like my essays 
@emilyirlose he'll probably just say certainly like 6 times and pass out
@emilyirlose team up w me for hitting him with a shovel
current emotion 
haha who am i kidding i love not being at school
i hate missing school but i hate going even more
do you ever get so angry you can physically feel it bc i do
@destinyinsecret rad! i really like the fem symbol you did, i might have to do it at some point too!
@destinyinsecret oh cool! is it pretty safe to be using on skin?
@pomegranatepu all of your dolls are fantastic, hot damn
@destinyinsecret what kind of ink did you use?
so if i seem like i'm freaking the fuck out at anyone in the next few weeks, it's probably bc i'm internally screaming in panic nonstop
i dont know how i'm supposed to finish and memorize a one act and then finish these costumes and do homework and help w musicals all at once
i finished the condesce costume but i don't even feel excited bc there's so much to do for everything and no time and i'm too stressed out
how the hell is my condesce wig only like three inches longer than my real hair
time to file thirty fake nails 
so now i have ten dollars more to spend on stuff
my mom promised she'd take me out to buy things tonight but gave me ten dollars to wait till tomorrow morning instead
@JackFar17 tell peren that llamas aren't supposed to talk
"WHERE'S MY ONLINE COUPON" - proof that i'm becoming a middle-aged white woman bc of going to joann's too much
i'm really loving the whole #blackout thing that's happening bc i just get to see tons of pretty people all day
"i need a big strong boy to do this" i need an axe to swing at your head
Oh..?.!// male approval required.,,,,82 female malfunction,:::!'k@-2 must.,,: conform!!!!…
i can't wait to be rich and alone. i'm gonna look so great while i wear fancy dresses and drink wine and sign fancy checks. so pumped.
i technically have to do things but i also need to sleep and would rather do that
on one hand, I really really want to dye my hair, but on the other I want to continue to do cosplays w my natural hair color
@TheGeeMoney @suzieislame @ur_pimp_daddy i'll just scream that i need a very short summer career for two months
@suzieislame @ur_pimp_daddy do they help w figuring out like summer jobs and stuff?
when people keep assuming you're straight and you're very much not 
she's gonna try to see if i can be a guest speaker, god bless
@SignyJosang ur too cool to die
i get to help my sister do a big presentation on feminism for her class. so rad.
@DerekLandy and ALSO in the case of the new book, it sounds awesome and I'm impressed by how long you kept avoiding actually saying it.
I've never known the pain of wanting to go to a concert and them not coming here until this moment and it's terrible
@DerekLandy so in the case of a book set in America, is there any chance of you publishing/possibly touring here?
people complimenting your outfit in a genuinely nice way is the best thing ever
she used to be a big fan of nash grier and now she thinks he's trash and openly promotes equality for everyone in general. she's come so far
i had a convo with my lil sis and discovered i've converted her into a socially aware feminist. so proud
on one hand i'm hella good at punching and practiced for like 40 minutes but on the other  just fell on the stairs like three times
@DerekLandy is it basically galaga, or...?

my sister pointed out that we could have gone to a real grocery store rather than poorly photoshopping @emmaneilsen 
my head hurts so bad i feel like someone's doing an exorcism on me or something
@emmaneilsen yo could you send me the other photos for our french project
i call this piece "chez ivy" 
sometimes i underestimate how much i like skeletons but i just spent over forty minutes scrolling through pictures of them
@ friends who can do their hair in cool ways: teach me
wait is tonight a full moon?? i need to use it for witchcraft
fun pics of me as a child w my fav dog 
I've been in the same advisory as peren for 20 minutes but didn't notice bc I thought he was a girl
can the powerpuff girls theme somehow play whenever i walk in a room
i hate this
@Valkyrie_V 
@Valkyrie_V 
paint me like one of your french evil fish troll betty crockers 
it's so stupid. i'm not even sewing it at this point. i'm just sitting here in it
I've been wearing this since like 11:30
hour number whatever of sewing this fucking costume 
@DerekLandy why are you watching twilight
i think i'm probably going to die young bc all i've eaten today is half a box of girl scout cookies
watch this if you're feeling down 
if i end up accidentally sewing it to my bra one more time i'm gonna murder someone
trial four of sewing pink strips to this body suit while it's on me and stabbing myself frequently
@MissNiamhyJay @ConorBrumell I know that, but I'm already going to be doing college courses next year in addition to what I'm doing now
@MissNiamhyJay @ConorBrumell I want to do acting, but I still want to go to school in Ireland. Do you know any good schools for drama?
@MissNiamhyJay @ConorBrumell same here, but we usually don't really have time between doing plays to learn the history aspects of it
@MissNiamhyJay @ConorBrumell I guess it would be more Stanislavsky then.
@MissNiamhyJay @ConorBrumell I feel like I should understand what you're asking but i am very confused
cosplay is hard and time consuming and i hate it
@ConorBrumell i dunno but I'm writing and performing in a one act for the end of the month
probably not going to learn much about it in school so please try to educate yourself a lil b…
but it's just weird because everything is dialogue. everything. and there's only one single person talking.
It would probably be easier if I had read any books in the last month
writing plays is so ???? what am I supposed to do. how do i make this character act. how do i make the skeleton puns more blatantly obvious.
i came upstairs and stopped making costumes three hours ago to write my play and have written approximately zero words.
i might have to drop the azula cosplay and give up on it :(
ugh i fell asleep with makeup on

do you ever get weird shivers and accidentally twitch so violently you smash your elbow into the wall? because now I know that I do!!
and this one is supposed to promote being comfortable + loving yourself for who you are 
this one isn't meant to support heteronormativity, but breaking gender stereotypes 
i have at least two more fun positive videos about gender roles + similar problems bc i enjoy these things
@UGLYB0i and the guy who made it, Benny, is only 15. shout out to that dude for being hella fuckin sweet.
this video is great for the issue of gender roles 
@emilyirlose oh I know.. do I choose black or black
oh dear I have to wear all black tomorrow for photos... what ever will I do...
why the fuck is there a meme about a dress
"I need feminism because..." (fill in the blank) 
fun game: tell peren he looks like emperor kuzco and refuse to call him anything but that
and why does it feel like i'm being written a cheesy love letter from a college 
why do i get these emails 
@suzieislame let's bring in some real dragons. that'll scare 'em away.
sometimes i'm glad that most people don't see me after trying to wash makeup off bc i look like the undead
"okay but you take so long to do everything so let me go first" shut thte fuck up, i'm gonna take longer to do whatever it i'm doing
PLEASE WATCH THIS 
i found monologues from a conspiracy theorist first grade teacher, a gay vampire into pastels + a kid who wants to watch people die slowly
mint oreos are a gift to humanity
@DramaMormon @cansomeonehelp I was thinking about that, thanks for bringing it to my attention
does anyone know any monologues from psycho characters that i could use as a reference?
@emilyirlose girls gotta help other girls know they be fine as hell &lt;3
@emilyirlose how does anyone think they can even judge when you're rockin all of it??
@aCoolHufflepuff hopefully??
the burn cream I found in my house and used on an open wound expired in 1987 <THUMBS UP SIGN><THUMBS UP SIGN>
I'm so excited to play the ultimate skeleton bitch, aka me
@KairyMeza joke's on them, my aura is still trying to find itself
@KairyMeza it was! I was wondering why they were giving me confused looks across the store but that explains it, ha ha
@KairyMeza they looked so excited and she laughed and said "here's the beginning of your stardom, the play was fantastic"
IT WAS THE BEST MOMENT EVER
A LADY AND HER DAUGHTER SSTOPPED ME AT THE STORE TO ASK I F I WAS A GYPSY IN A PLAY
i love naps. i just fell asleep for an hour and regret nothing.
today has perfect weather
when you see a group of fuckboys, use dquad instead of squad. it's pronounced "dickwad" and is accurate
i hope my teacher doesn't notice how late i'm submitting her paper
yo anyone who has miss newman: how do you answer #4 for the crucible homework
it would be so fun to play Abigail in The Crucible
ah, 10 pm. the perfect time to start homework for first period tomorrow.
you know that scene in elf when he says his finger has a heartbeat? that's me right now
i went to check up on the burn from yesterday and discovered that it burned a hole in my skin. i don't know how to feel about this.
"egg" meant a high-living person in the twenties. let's bring this back.
hugging tall people is so fun bc. like. the person gives you like a foot more of hug. also they're much more effective as human shields
The leather black dress thing is so fucking annoying
I fucking hate the azula outfit. it's terrible and stupid
@suzieislame @TheGeeMoney @emilyirlose my time to shine
@suzieislame @TheGeeMoney @emilyirlose we should start hiding tampons in straight boys' backpacks. imagine the reaction.
why go to hell when you could be trying to finish six cosplays before comicon?? it's basically the same thing
will meninists go back to reddit and 4chan?
find out next time on…
anyway, life lesson: don't let boiling hot glue touch your finger because it fucking HURTS
well, aside from the screaming bit. but that was implied.
i started shouting and isabella started shouting but we were just standing there as it got worse. my only thought was "mmm whatcha say"
i burned my finger so badly w a hot glue gun today that the skin practically bubbled
holy fuckin dick it's midnight
i figured out that i am indeed against the union. be prepared, history class. be prepared.
again, back to my earlier point again. feminism is great.
do you guys see thte dumbass trying to talk shit about feminism to me w their anti feminism account?? it's hilarious
@wewonyoulose that makes this whole ordeal like five times funnier
@wewonyoulose omg are you even real
.@wewonyoulose i didn't ask for your gross ass negative opinion
ANYWAY, back to feminism being great. it's still great.
i'm gonna have nightmares about bcb. it was a dark time and we can't escape it
please help me
(incoherent muttering) fuck the union.. fuck em... gonna go buy me some anti-union lipstick...
INDSUTRY BRINGS WIDNOW FACTROIES IN THIS SHIT ToWN!
birthdays? sundays + tuesDAY? PRESISSEDENTS DAY?? you are high school trash sir bartender sir! UUUUuuuUUUUNION LIESSSS
PROctectION?? When I said it wasn't fair to pay the same cockadoodle dues and i didn't vote for the union in the FIrst pLace CLEAN LOCKER???
whatever. fuck the union. fuck dollar. well, actually, fuck peg. but still.
the joke was not worth it bc i'm hella confused
i'm p sure i have to be for the union. i can't even talk about how the union told me to clean out my locker after 15 years. this is dumb.
I chose the hardest discussion question for history so I could make union jokes bc of blue collar blues. I hate everything
@suzieislame actually we wasted one during fem twitter beef yesterday. Only 6 feminism left. use it wisely
I fucking hate history class
I started to try to say I was an atheist and got shot down as soon as I tried <THUMBS UP SIGN><THUMBS UP SIGN>
fucker is a Chihuahua wearing sports glasses and trash is a schnauzer wearing people eye glasses. i love em.
found my nintendogs game and just bought two new pups named trash and fucker
@TheGeeMoney @aCoolHufflepuff god bless punny friends
my bae is gonna be a star. a skelestar. 
I'm gonna need so many skeleton puns for my one act but thankfully I'm me so it shouldn't be too hard
"a skelememe a day keeps the fuckboys away" - me
this is good critique on school today 
i'm so sorry to anyone who knew me before the age of 15
like I love listening to light girly music bc it sounds pretty and i can
i used to think listening to "girly" music made me seem lame so i kept it on the down low but now it's like. i love them talented ladies.
judging people for their music taste is so ??? don't do that
@suzieislame i'm thinking maybe like really dark purple first (so i don't have to bleach it) but idk
yo would it look cool if i did my hair silvery like this? 
who the fuck makes people pay $11 for shipping?? that's just rude
i wonder if that free entertainment book has one
do coupons for cheap stores exist bc i need them
why is it so hard to find dark pink flats. just let me find them for fish space alien betty crocker.
I hope skelememes become a thing again
new followers: where are you coming from
i just saw a picture of my dad as a kid and it's hilarious. he looks like a rich kid in a movie
i got hair dye on my pillow while taking this earlier @aCoolHufflepuff 
i'm thinkin about putting dark purple through my hair but idk?? just a little bit
@UGLYB0i @sassy_zoe good to know! yea i'm hella broke so cheaper ones are good.you guys always have really nice lipstick + i'm jealous
i love cosplay and all but i'm so pumped to actually have money to spend on normal things after comicon
@UGLYB0i yo where do you buy your dark lipsticks??
helping adults figure out the internet is so fun. they're so hopeless and confused.
because, you know, you said lying was bad so i shouldn't pretend to believe in god or anything since that's lying
and if you are watching i know you're probably gonna yell at me about it but okay
just to keep you posted if you're watching my internet again
hi mom i'm an atheist
@LuScath yeah, i was so pumped when i found out that ace was a thing. glad to know you found out about demi!
@LuScath we never get like any representation so it's hella rad
@LuScath god bless ace representation
it's been 84 years. i am still in this outfit and i hate life
In case anyone was wondering, I'm still in the spandex w the needles
ha ha im gay
isabella keeps hijacking my twitter. she's gonna die
i love @aCoolHufflepuff puns they are the best i love them so so much
im lame
@aCoolHufflepuff is the coolest of cool ever
im an egg
there's a spandex suit with needles in it on me that i cannot take off until i sew it and i don't own the right color thread. send help
in todays edition of "reasons ivy wants to kill someone", we have "not having the proper colored thread after pinning clothing to herself"
why does she have so much hair. what the hell. how is that even possible 
although i am being a fish lady so i guess that makes sense??
it makes me look like a scuba diver
gross
i have to wear a skin tight suit for comicon and this is just now something that i realized
@DerekLandy is there an official design for Valkyrie's tattoo? I wanna cosplay it but want to make sure I haven't missed what it looks like.
oh shit, how did they know 
why does karen gillan have to be so pretty
we played cards against humanity yesterday and used up all of the white cards. i have seen the entire deck
@Valkyrie_V in other words I hate myself now
we celebrated valentines day with 60 chicken nuggets and like 8 large fries salad and ate all of it 
the concept of switching out of pajamas into normal clothes is nice but actually doing it a completely different matter
i really love the selfie lighting in my room 
i need to work on an Azula voice so i can scream her quotes at people more accurately
@BrookeStarbard 
no one can turn me down with this one 
happy valentine's day 
@DerekLandy Alright. I was thinking it'd be odd if he hung around with sorcerers and didn't.
@DerekLandy did Gordon have a taken name??
"How Do I Manage to Accidentally Phsycally Harm Myself with Basic Everyday Things So Often" - a memoir by me
i want to recount how many skeleton-themed items are in my room but i'm scared to make that commitment
i got one of those clearance nail polishes today for $1 and i don't know why I was even the slightest bit shocked that it didn't work
i'm keeping my life long and not entirely voluntary tradition of being single on valentine's day
I have no idea how many hours it has been since I left the room to stop working on this 
update: gold eyeliner could also be described as glittery hell
I bought gold eyeliner today and i'm really curious about it
anyone wanna come over and watch avatar the last airbender w me
i love not having school but at the same time it's like ??? where are all my friends
@Porcelain_Dani ha, i actually have another version of that shirt!
I hate bcb I can't even get my hair cut without having nightmare-like flash backs
I'm getting my haircut for the first time since October and its Friday the 13th. So much could go wrong
I feel like my eyebrows make me look perpetually pissed off
HAPPY FRIDAY THE 13TH
@Valkyrie_V there's like 15 minutes left but everything looks happy for them so i'm gonna finish it tomorrow
i'm watching road to el dorado for the first time
today i learned that there is such a thing as too much apple juice
•A trans man is not a woman
•Trans women do not 'trick' men
•Do not justify the murder of trans…
@ur_pimp_daddy I THOUGHT SO
real life footage of future Kyra @ur_pimp_daddy 
i watched Dr. Horrible again and am still not okay with it?
i just had to explain what a meme was
my sister ran in and clicked her heels yelling "kiss my irish moves, aha!" and left
i'm going to die
there's six weekends left till comicon and i haven't finished a single cosplay???
i'm kind of considering getting bangs this friday when i get my hair cut but idk
i want to buy one. they're so pretty
i found like the coolest thrift store with antique dresses that look like they're from 1930? and they're only like $12 on sundays
i showed my sister a drawing and she told  me all of my drawings make the people look possessed
seeing pictures of me from a few years ago is so weird bc its when my hair was actually brown rather than really dark
i wanna dress up as persephone bc i feel like that would be really cool
my cat keeps trying to lay on my hand whenever i type and tries to lick my face so i guess she's the closest i'll have to a valentine
i keep losing my cat bc my bed is white and so is the cat
why is cold pizza so good
@emilyirlose @sassy_zoe this is what I was talking about at lunch
if anyone has cool candles they don't want i'll take them off your hands for witchcraft ceremonies
??? 
twitter is promoting gay dating websites as suggested things to look at. how did they know
what if dogs were astronauts
literally all i do is sit around w/ my computer and laugh at my own jokes?? why is anyone friends with me
when people say rude shit to you 
i like the fact that eggs are a meme. there's no specific joke associated with it. just eggs
i hope someone directs for in the beginning so i have a chance to try to play literal snake satan
"Ever since I wa…
@BrookeStarbard or three
@BrookeStarbard is this in reference to the sharksbaear thing bc that was only like one time
this is it. this is how i die. too many fucking breadsticks. i have made a grave mistake.
oh dear god i just ate at least six breadsticks before losing count. please save my soul
hi-- huh? um-- so, uh-- ah. oh geez. well im only just now realizimg that the girl at the bar gave me…
i'm gonna redo my room so it's all space aesthetic and skeletons. it's gonna happen. just wait for it.
i googled my name to see what happened and in the images i found pictures of my uncle, some serial killers, and beyonce
@DerekLandy hell yeah, I got a crown and everything. tell your cats I say hello
@DerekLandy Is there an estimated release yet? (I need some more books from you soon)
@DerekLandy also I got an official award as the Skeleton Queen. I am moving up in the rankings.
@DerekLandy i do the babbling thing so much less. also I take breaths between speaking. you'd be so proud
@DerekLandy You do not understand how EMBARRASSING that is. that is your main impression of me. i promise i am cooler now
i can't figure out how to make this so the cirumference of it doesn't get to be like 100 inches wider than i want it to be
@SignyJosang NO PROBLEM  I HOPE YOU HAVE A WONDERFUL YEAR
i might have to ask a math teacher on how the fuck to make a circle for a skirt bc this shit is gonna be way too fuckin big
@andrewhussie have you ever rode a horse
AYYY YO BIG HAPPY BDAY TO MY BAE @SignyJosang BC SHE'S FANTASTIC AND BEING 16 SHOULD BE TOO
i have a fear that if i kill a ladybug a small third grade version of me would randomly appear and burst into tears &amp; i'd have to deal w/ it
i don't know what it is with ladybugs though?? i feel like every ladybug is a mom bug and i need to say the thing so it'll fly to its kids
i keep finding lady bugs in my room and panicking bc i don't want them here at all but can't kill them. i nearly cried last time i did
approximately 5 homo
otherwise known as the best picture of me ever
four score and seven years ago i still didn't do my fuckin history homework 
i forgot about the history homework till just now 
fight to the death at 11:59 tonight @SignyJosang vs @BrookeStarbard for the true birthday champion
@pxscomics @paranaturalzack @Greliz @shelbycragg and i thought that 24 pages was a lot
zita van zok out tryin to get those auras 
check out this trash comic character 
improvement: july 2014 vs. feb 2015 
@Valkyrie_V what did i do to deserve these reminders
i keep having nightmare-like flashbacks to seventh grade
@DerekLandy y'know, sometimes I think about the fact that you met me when I was a thirteen year old and I'd just like to apologize for that
@BrookeStarbard &lt;3
extra happy b-day to @BrookeStarbard bc i love her
@natkatlat yep all three days and in the costume contest on that saturday
we spent almost all day making cosplays and now isabella's toph outfit is almost done
AZULA CLOTHES GETTING MORE DONE, SON 
me more like 
gibberish improv is my new favourite thing
with fun facts such as "we taped our lines to the wall" and "we're bad at wearing wigs"
Romeo and Juliet act 3 scene 3 ft. me as 2008 scene kid Romeo and @SignyJosang as the gay friar last year 
yo we gotta go beat up Mountlake terrace kids for having a fancy ass stage and live orchestra pit
who wants to go to a museum w me and take pictures with artsy backgrounds
not having pointy nails is so sad
i feel like someday i'm gonna smack my shoulder into something bad and die from it bc i do it so often
i'm so fucking tired
@aCoolHufflepuff saturday
friends who want BC - i need your gmails
every cool thing i did in act 3 wasn't even on the screen. dammit.
GOD DAMMIT
UGH THE CAMERA WASN'T EVEN FACING ME WHEN I GOT THROWN ON THE GROUND AND THAT'S LIKE THE ONLY PART I WANTED TO SEE
YOOO I HAVE BONE-CHILLER FOOTAGE
i was just watching a movie from 1959 and it had a super depressing and not good ending
"Is there something I can put under my pillow to make it softer?"
"BREAD"
@BrookeStarbard @aCoolHufflepuff it's never too late to bask in our glory
i'm so happy to sleep in my own room tonight damn
twister is intense
I voted for #LIKEAGIRL from @Always to be this year's #TopSpot2015 #SB49 
@BrookeStarbard washin off the feeling of 30+ hours of play pro is a good feeling
i think i left my pants at someone's house. nice.
every time i try to eat something i feel sick but then if i try to not eat something i feel sick too and it's really annoying
it was a video of a dog riding the bus system in seattle by itself. so proud of that dog
my dad doesn't post on facebook often but when he does it's always pictures of food or videos of dogs
i mean i've even tried playing it a few times since then and just didn't ask
like where did a fucking massive piano come from? and an out of tune one at that?
okay so yesterday when i got home there was a grand piano in my living room and i've forgotten to question it but i think i probably should?
my mom told me after the show that during the "say, that's cute" line she could see the pain in my eyes
i tried brushing my hair and it's like some fairy princess shit. there's glitter everywhere. i can't escape
when you have a party but you're the only one 
i've had to pee since before act 3 started earlier and have drank a bunch of water and a milkshake since and haven't gotten up bc i'm lazy
I just stabbed myself in the eye
@ur_pimp_daddy same
i hate drawing hands
@ur_pimp_daddy and i'm single
yo anyone want to hang out w/ very short notice??
(that is a very sarcastic "nice" by the way)
literally everyone is gone from my house and i am alone now. nice.
SO WHO'S PUMPED FOR ANOTHER NIGHT OF BONE-CHILLER
I really love getting yelled at. So much. It's so nice and not at all upsetting. Yep. Gotta love it when that happens.
i found gold temporary tattoos for a dollar at walmart and now it looks like i'm wearing jewelry but i'm not
i look like i haven't slept in three days and having glittery and messy hair is not helping my cause
i'm still exausted but i can;t sleep bc my stomach hurts and its too birght in here
cause of death: ate too many cinnamon twists. also got stabbed by a knife in the wall but that is irrelevant.
oh god i had fast food twice tday and then my mom made peren go out and buy me more like ten minutes ago. i am going to die
@FM_Deduction after an entire week of finals
the fact that there is no homework due after this weekend at all is just. wow. life is so great
i really really want to put pajamas on and wash my face but even the thought of moving from my current position is exhasuting
@BrookeStarbard i feel this on a deep and emotional level right now
oh man I am so tired now
we did so well, shout out to the best play production group ever
Ahhhh I'm so excited that our play went so well, my auras are going to explode
@ursu1adrake @suzieislame @JackFar17 @aCoolHufflepuff @BrookeStarbard THANKS!!
SO HOW ABOUT THAT KILLER OPENING NIGHT OF OUR PLAY
I'm pretty sure our scene change music is "spooky scary skeletons" and I'm so happy
How much do you wanna bet I'm gonna be late again even though I've been ready for 10minutes
@emilyirlose np
@emilyirlose don't worry 'bout it friend you be lookin fine
@emilyirlose you're in the "kinda jingly but very cool" range
@emilyirlose like 25+ pieces of jewelry
i feel like playing zita is gonna make me start wearing excessive quantities of jewelry and sparkly shit and not realize until it's too late
having a play tomorrow night 
@sassy_zoe np, all the purple was on point
@suzieislame you aren't even pale susie
@sassy_zoe where did you get the lipstick you had on today bc damn you were slaying
@sassy_zoe send me your gmail and you shall recieve
@suzieislame SUSAN YOU'RE NOT ON VAMPIRE DIARIES CALM DOWN
@_sendglitter Tempting. Very tempting.
@_sendglitter I feel like I'm being welcomed into a cult
ba'noodle 
@emilyirlose oh my god
@sassy_zoe it looks hella on you
@sassy_zoe oh my god where did you get it
i was a fancy business lady in the last play but now i have magical powers and terrible fashion sense 
@BrookeStarbard who the hell thought of that
@BrookeStarbard wait what's the schedule tomorrow?
i showed my sister a picture of the zita outfit and she said I look like "a fancy peasant"
@sassy_zoe I was
oh god i tried washing the glitter out of my hair twice and it's still all here. i'm gonna be sparkly for the rest of my life.
ew school. gross
@suzieislame dear god
the real question is do i actually make those faces in normal life situations
thanks @ZathractMist
when you try to be supportive but your friend starts yelling at you for like the billionth time @suzieislame 
oh my god my friend made a gif of me getting shouted at and it is literally the funniest thing
@ur_pimp_daddy omg you'd take me to a desert island i feel so loved
@ur_pimp_daddy yeah but it's impossible to find girlfriends
@ur_pimp_daddy omg same
i look like i'm from the 80s right now. this is what I get for trying to curl my hair
@aCoolHufflepuff I sent it to you
@Valkyrie_V just tell me and i will try to make it happen
btw i might be able to share the google drive folders with the play on it for anyone who wants it. it features lots of uncomfortable zooming
and that concludes the fun flashbacks of Blue Collar Blues. tune in a few weeks from now for Bone Chiller
Nadine was yelled at so much and yet it really does not look like i was used to it @suzieislame 
i think when peg goes to the chair i'm supposed to look like i'm supportive but i shoved her instead?
damn that second slap was not even close to her face
@Valkyrie_V @TheGeeMoney true fear 
@Valkyrie_V @TheGeeMoney 
why do i look so afraid. what has mary sue done to me. @TheGeeMoney 
it may look like i was writing down that i needed face powder for peg but in reality i was drawing a dick 
"instead of l-listening to u-uuuunion lies"
oh man all of our accents are hilarious
you can see it in my eyes how much i hate life during the razorback autosales line
is my voice really that girly dear god

I looked so confused the whole play oh man
@Valkyrie_V @BrookeStarbard you look dead
"oh shit" 
she zoomed in on me and you can see the confusion on my face for where to put the bag when you were not supposed to see that
my mom recorded all of blue collar blues and i'm watching it now oh my god
2/5 finals done and not dead yet
oh god cosplay game was so weak back then. we have improved so much
said red boots used for vriska ft. @aCoolHufflepuff as rose 
i want to have a reason to actually wear the red boots i used for cosplay without making it look like i'm tryin to dress like a super hero
if i feel like i'm not ready for my finals tomorrow i'll just start crying really hard and hope for the best
"so did you study today?" 
i'm so bored but i don't want to study bc that's boring too
@ursu1adrake np bae enjoy being 16
@ursu1adrake happy bday loser
i was trying to figure out why my stomach hurts but then i realized that i've eaten about 9 cookies in the last thirty minutes
how to style long hair:

step 1 - cry
i thought there was someone knocking on the door but in reality i just rubbed my head really loudly
earlier isabella saw a picture of a couple of pointy buildings on my computer and said "city tittes"
every time i think about cutting my hair i'm filled with the overwhelming fear of it being cut wrong and looking like a scene kid
@BrookeStarbard i literally just filled in my line with a shit load of swearing do you really think i was paying that much attention
it was probably because I read frequently and was exposed to fancy words so i knew how to actually use them
i keep looking at my old writing and it was actually hella good and i really need to get back into it
@JackFar17 peren said you say hi so hi
she said i was a clam?? @aCoolHufflepuff 
@aCoolHufflepuff shut the fuck up
@ursu1adrake shut up old man
@ursu1adrake wait aren't you still fifteen for like 40 minutes
i;m so sorry in advance if any of you ever try to run lines with me
"zita, what are you meditating about anyhow?"
"well gee jerry i don't fuckin know because SOMEONE fucking interrupted me. fuckin shit."
isabella is such a mess i tried to tell her she could use my hair stuff and she almost put glue in her hair
@prattprattpratt @AnnaKFaris i personally promise it would be great
@prattprattpratt @AnnaKFaris if you guys are in town for the superbowl, you should hit up ewhs for our murder mystery play the 29th-31st
@aCoolHufflepuff and he beats her up i'm so confused
"Adler are you really going to shoot us??"
"Not necessarily"
and then he pulls out the meat cleaver I don't understand
it was like a weird dream ending of it
they were straight up going to kill everyone I don't understand
and i think jerry tackled him? and when they asked who to kill first everyone pointed at zita
zita was forced to change him back and then they tied her up and beat up lu when she was there
ONE OF THE PLAYS ENDED WITH ADLEr PULLING OUT A MEAT CLEAVER AND TRYING TO KILL EVERYONE
oh my god look at this bone chiller commercial. everyone looks like the killer and zita can teleport 
look at this version of bone-chiller. it's so bad. i love it 
i told isabella she wasn't allowed to leave and she yelled "fuckin noob" and threw a blanket at me
fun with nerds @aCoolHufflepuff 
my teeth hurt so bad
i'm getting sick and it's stressing me out even more. i hate the end of semester
not even joking
if someone wants to hit me with a car tomorrow morning before class that's cool with me
i hate school
not learning about it, but the class
I fucking hate world history
@laureneoneal @happierman well anyone who chooses to willingly call themselves a meninist clearly only has the mental capacity of a baby
ugh
and having someone snap "fuck you" in front of parents and not have a consequence doesn't feel like teasing it feels like it's fucking rude
"we were just teasing, everyone teases" well it doesn't fucking look like anyone else is being "teased" except me
now i'm being told i'm being ridiculous for being upset?? yeah that's really helpful, that's exactly what i wanted
I'm pissed off
and then no one even cares when I point out how rude he's being and tells me to calm down
like sorry for being born after you?? it wasn't my fucking choice
why the fuck do brothers feel so obliged to be assholes
@ur_pimp_daddy me and you
i've spent the last hour and a half watching a webseries about lesbian vampires. i'm disappointed in myself but not surprised
honestly on a scale from one to ten how noticeable are my stupid fuckin braces
@sassy_zoe I had my ambitions set from a young age
play pro has ruined "stacy's mom" for me. I can't listen to it. i can't do it
@ur_pimp_daddy i'm so sorry for your terrible taste, please get well soon
@Valkyrie_V i would post an improvement one but in reality I just got hella pale and better hair
shoutout to hideous child me 
@Valkyrie_V am I asleep? i might be asleep there and I don't even know
i found this picture on my computer and it's just?? i don't even remember taking it and i look so done with life 
i want to do one of those things where i have a picture of gross child me vs now but i can't stop laughing at the photos
@suzieislame oh my god did you have a scene phase
remember when we were lame nerds @sassy_zoe 
can't tell if i've got a cramp or if i'm dying but either way i'm just gonna sit here and try to ignore it
if that's the case then that's fuckin sweet
a girl in 7th grade told me everyone was scared to talk to me bc i looked like i was glaring all the time and i wonder if that's still true
i don't want to go to school tomorrow
like that's a real thing i just saw someone post. how fucking ignorant do you have to be to say something like that
"i absolutely detest protestors for causing traffic and ruining the day of other people" they're protesting bc you ruin their life w racism
white people complaining about mlk day: just fucking shut the hell up with your racist bullshit for at least one fucking day holy christ
"ivy did you do any homework this weekend?" 
@ur_pimp_daddy @ursu1adrake occasionally
@ur_pimp_daddy @ursu1adrake it was probably her dick, those are important
@ursu1adrake post pictures
@ursu1adrake did you actually
wavy hair is like a game of chance everyday because it can either look perfect or like hermione granger and you always find out too late
sometimes i accidentally cackle like a witch and don't realize it until about halfway through and get scared
i finally got around to taking a picture to prove being declared owner of the skeleton throne 
also why the hell would i care about boys? i like girls. someone come be my girlfriend
why is it that i'm always told "boys only like short girls!" when i say I wish i was hella tall?? like i'll fuckin crush them i don't care
@TomPercivalsays @DerekLandy the cover looks great!! it's a wonderful way to wrap up the set and I'm gonna miss seeing new ones
this is one of my favourite comics 
just don't let me wear those rings during plays okay
and I shattered the one before that when we were in the dressing room before blue collar blues
remind me NOT to wear my black ring for the play bc I shattered the fourth one already when I was thrown on the floor
next time someone asks how tall i am I'm gonna say 7 ft. they're gonna have to look down to ask but i will confirm that i am 7 ft tall
I did not realize that it's less than half an hour away from two am until just now. that explains the eyebrow squash thing
i keep forgetting that I left the skeleton on my bed and I've smacked my head into it not one, not two, but three fucking times already
@suzieislame 
@suzieislame 
@suzieislame i can't find the reaction picture i want but it looked something like this, but w/ weird seductive eyes 
@suzieislame try silverzer
"ivy come do this thing" 
"there's money involved" 
she's back and she's been a part of the team the whole time and i am screaming 
okay but who's gonna catch em all first: ash ketchum or danny phantom
sometimes i forget that my hands are so cold that they feel like they just came out of satan's freezer and it's not fun
hanging with friends 
at some point in the next couple of months i want to take all the posters in my room down and paint a giant space mural on the wall

if superpowers are real i think the only one I have is being able to do my nails so perfectly they look fake
like i just want to steal your snacks calm the hell down
my mom told me to leave the room during football when I walked in because I might be bad luck
trying to write this play 
fun fact: i'm wearing the skeleton sweater under the skeleton suit
me and my skelewife. what a happy family. 
Josh (dude) took his best bro Chad, who is "a nice guy gentleman who rocks a fedora" to hunt Tiffany and Lila down
and the straight guy is trying to get the ship back because his dad said it was vital they got the ship back but he just wanted him to leave
the two main characters in our play are Tiffany and Lila, who are lesbian scientists who stole a spaceship from the rich straight boy
the villain is a rich straight white boy with a fedora-wearing sidekick
me and @aCoolHufflepuff are writing a play about lesbian scientists, starring us
my drawings look a lot better from artistic camera angles 
it is past midnight and this is a mistake
sometimes i think it's a good idea to stay up past midnight on school nights but i'm wrong about 102% o the time
@suzieislame hell yeah, finally some good ol' bonding time with my son
@suzieislame we should enter one of those father/son baking contests
i'm just gonna pile up all the extra sheets in a ball and use that as a blanket. it is the perfect plan.
I'm pretty sure these sheets I found on my floor are meant for me to put on my bed properly but I'm also pretty sure that's not gonna happen
best relative visit ever
My step brother randomly showed up and taught me how to make fried rice and left
i'm gonna get this tattoo in like three years when i actually can 
@_AlexHirsch there's a fun thing called the internet that doesn't involve any hat asses, only asshats
Ember just walked into peren's room and said "It smells like a fuckin volcano in here what the hell"
I saw Mr Louie walk right past my car in the Costco parking lot today right as I was thinking about how dumb his homework in his class is
@skydart korra
@ConorBrumell stop this
@ConorBrumell i didn't ask for this. I don't deserve this. no one deserves outdated memes, conor. no one.
@HarperCollinsCh Valkyrie Cain - she's flawed  and makes mistakes like a real person, but still tries to help the greater causes
@ConorBrumell don't do this
@ConorBrumell do not taint this exchange with memes
@ConorBrumell spaghetti would not break your teeth though. I can snap it with my fingers
@ConorBrumell dude normal spaghetti is gross cooked anyway why would you want it dry
@DerekLandy calm down derek
I just walked past my brother eating dry spaghetti out of the pantry??
dude this space picture has over 1.5 million pixels and is the most in depth picture of space.  i love space. 
remember when people were actually vaguely surprised when I declared that every female character in our plays were lesbians? good ol days
trying to talk to parents about problematic faves 
and scourge sisters are together and my favourite character is not dead, i love everything
this is even better than when he punched her to knock her out, I love this 
I could just sum it up with "Let's skips the parts that are obvious" rather than the pretentious shit line
there's one line that i can't fucking say and I don't know why?? I've memorized it but as soon as I start speaking I lose it
I wish I was old enough to get tattoos
homicide squad, more like HOMOcide squad am I right
@JackFar17 just listen for my vaguely annoying voice and you should be fine
maybe this is why i'm still doing lines at 11:30
look at these fucking cats. what the fuck are they plotting 
i nearly typed homestuck instead of homework bc i'm fucking lame as hell
having to do homework when you're hella tired and want to sleep 
what if I was secretly a body builder but none of you knew bc I always wear long sleeves
I'm gonna be writing a resume just so I can get $250 for "schooling a dad on the value of libraries"
wait shit I have to write a resume god fucking dammit
I think my claw nails are getting too long and are going to break. It's going to be a tragic event
I want to make business cards for being skeleton queen
@JackFar17 Dave is a diagnosed alcoholic
@JackFar17 you have a line that starts with "I resent that" in act 3
how do they not realize how dumb they are
my whole math class is just me looking exasperated and extremely pissed off at guys at my table saying "that's so gay bruh"
"Oh no the mysterious deaths couldnt POSSIBLY have been done by the lady with magic powers! She's just conveniently standing over the body!"
also why isn't Zita even considered a suspect?? She's literally standing right next to everyone who dies and says no one was close to them
that's like the most cliche you can get with a murder mystery
mindt keeps saying not to make things too cliche in this and yet it literally says we all have to back away and look around suspiciously
@suzieislame 
@suzieislame don't worry though, mine'll probably be a lady so you can get a dude first
@suzieislame dude I call dibs on being neext play pro kid for marrying the next attractive famous person
why is my instruction on my line to speak "with similar relish"
so yeah in other news i still get excited about fictional characters who have been dead for a few years now
she's going to literally murder him after this though, rip john egbert
MY OTP IS BACK IN BUSINESS EVEN IF IT'S JUST THIS 
maybe i'll cut my hair so I have bangs and then decide if I want it to be really short from there
in relation to the orange thing, i can't even speak right now bc of stress over nothing
being overwhelmed/stressed to the point that you can't function and not knowing why 
my eye keeps watering and is making me very frustrated
I'm trying to test doing Azula makeup and I've determined that eyeliner hates me
but neither of us died or got possessed so I think it went pretty well
even if we DID cast the salt circle the wrong way
low-budget witchcraft with friends is my new aesthetic ft. @aCoolHufflepuff
.@suzieislame 
i'm gonna try to do that acting thing for the library bc I get $250 if I do it
I need a new place to put it
It was like something smashed into the window and was dragging it's fingernails against something
I almost screamed
my skeleton just fell really loudly out of the chair it was on and I honestly don't think I've ever been more scared in my entire life
WAIT WAIT I THOUGHT OF A BETTER ONE

"Your FACE is an evil aura!" - Zita Van Zok, probably.
does this work as a full bio: 

"F O L L O W   Y O U R   S K E L E D R E A M S"
 - Zita Van Zok, probably.
I need a bio and I am horrible at writing them
@aCoolHufflepuff I'm gonna kill you for good Lucretia
That sounds really weird out of context, gotta admit
I'm trying to say lines in the crazy lady voice but like. How do you do that when talking about matching babies in new york
@aCoolHufflepuff you're going down and you're not swinging
you'd think that, being me, I'd have at least one nice dark lipstick, but I don't and I am very disappointed
being fifteen is so annoying. I'm so close to being sixteen but I'm not.
Like I can just add sleeves to it and it'll probably work and I didn't think of this earlier
I've spent like 45 minutes trying to make the stupid shirt base for the Azula thing and then I realized I have a red tank top
life hack: don't fucking put on shirts full of needles. don't do it. trust me.
Remember when I punched myself in the mouth the other day?? That still hurts
@SignyJosang &lt;3 skella proud of that skelemoji too
I'M GONNA DO THIS 
@SignyJosang it's obvious bc your pretty rad and no one's gonna think that about you in the first place
In act three it says I was in on knowing about dave being a potential murderer accomplice and I completely forgot about that
@SignyJosang trust me, your lips are better than micheal cera
I mean, I'll have them all done obviously but still
I had three lines on tuesday and now I have 13 for tomorrow. this is not what I was expecting
to anyone who didn't see me today you were really missing out, I wore a sweater w/ skeletons on it
I need to stop falling asleep during the day
.@suzieislame 
why is my family always so surprised that i respond instantly to the name ivy? do they not understand that most people call me that?
same 
i don't think i've adjusted back to only getting like 5 hours of sleep for school
guys someone has to play with me bc my name is QueenSkeletor and that can't go to waste
alright who here has trivia crack if that's still a thing bc i finally have a phone to use it
friendly reminder that there's a (not entirely up to date) wiki thing about me 
I was stressing about lines like five seconds ago and then I realized I actually got to go offstage and only have three lines
sometimes my older brother pays me to paint his nails and it's hilarious because they always look awful but he pays anyway
AZULA PANTS 95% FINISHED 
@BrookeStarbard pay me and I will
Officially have started the quest to becoming the almost firelord
speaking of costumes, my giant hoop skirt for the other one just arrived
i'm really tempted to just go start making the Azula outfit now
shout out to crazy azula 
I had my sister help me do lines and she got half the character's genders wrong and used ridiculous voices

also could not say "Lucerne"
i'm supposed to go to bed soon to get a proper amount of sleep to barely function but i haven't even been up for 12 hours yet today
"running lines" yeah more like me shouting about evil auras alone in my room and concerning my family
@sassy_zoe I actually pictured him like the entire time I was reading the book but I've never seen anything about the movie till today
@sassy_zoe also Arthur Dent is supposed to be tall but didn't they choose Martin Freeman?
@sassy_zoe i know. I'm not surprised they made her white in the movie though
@sassy_zoe Arabic." She's hella not white in the book
@sassy_zoe --brown eyes. With her red head scarf knotted in that particular way and her long flowing silky brown dress, she looked vaguely--
@sassy_zoe "She was slim, darkish, humanoid, with long waves of black hair, a full mouth, an odd little knob of a nose and ridiculously--
why does word refuse to open on my computer
i hit my teeth with the fucking BRACES on them i hate everything
WHY AM I SUCH A FUCKING IDIOT GODDAMMIT
I TRIED TO BREAK A POPSICLE STICK IN HALF WHILE PART OF IT WAS IN MY MOUTH AND PUNCHED MYSELF IN THE FACE
why do movies always make poc white? what does that accomplish aside from proving the casting people are blind?
i was looking at stuff for this book and in the movie they made Trillian white?? It says she has long black hair and looks arabic???
apparently I need to find three quotes from the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy to sum up the book but I'm pretty sure that's impossible
@artichokez you have to read these three and then read The Search three to find out about their mom 
one of the biggest mysteries of my childhood has been solved
PRINCE ZUKO FOUND HIS MOM AND AZULA RAN OFF INTO THE WOODS AND DISAPPEARED BC HER MOM SAID SHE LOVED HER
@666SATANLUVR666 HE'S GONNA BE EVEN HOTTER WHEN THEY FUCKIN BURN HIM
@666SATANLUVR666 ALSO OZAI'S GONNA HAVE YOUR FIRST DUDE KILLED
@666SATANLUVR666 YO FIREMOM LOOKS LIKE ZUKO IS NOT ACTUALLY THE FIRELORD'S SON BC YOU GOT BUSY BEFORE YOU MET HIM
@666SATANLUVR666 azula just called sokka an "ignorant peasant"
@Valkyrie_V zuko tried to bring them tea and she tried to eat the plate and flipped it in his face
azula's fuckin insane, i love it 
@666SATANLUVR666 thanks mom
@666SATANLUVR666 omg can i be your psycho daughter
@666SATANLUVR666 his mom's name is ursa and she's a decendant of avatar roku
@666SATANLUVR666 oh also azula's in a straight jacket and has hallucinations of her mother. i'm so prepared to be her
@666SATANLUVR666 it would be my HONOR, as zuko would say
i found the atla comics online and i'm gonna find out what happened to zuko's mom. no one can stop me.
i can't really tell if there's a minor earthquake or if it's the train going by more aggressively than usual but either way it's shaky
"it's just my opinion, I can think what I want" yeah well your opinion is harming other people just for existing so shut the hell up

it's freezing i'm gonna go eat a popsicle
when you hear people in your house and check to see who's there 
"ivy what color fabric did you buy today?"
definitely not sparkly pink 
@suzieislame i'm like a movie villain except my cat looks more pissed that i do
@suzieislame you just saw me cradling my cat child, she will destroy you first
@aCoolHufflepuff "hi mom i don't believe in god"
also how do i convince her that it isn't the fault of some weird satanic shit or wearing dark clothes and liking fandoms
Is there a polite way to inform my mother that I don't actually believe in anything in the catholic church
when you get accused of hoarding food in your room 
bonjour mes pommes de terre 

me and my clique 
fun way to scare the shit out of yourself: put a wig on your skeleton and leave it right in front of your fucking bed
how to fall asleep: look at middle-aged women themed websites
@suzieislame gasp
@suzieislame she goes to bed at like 11:30
that was literally the whiniest fuckin tweet just now
why do i have to argue that skeletons nd demonic rituals are better excuses to be awake at 3am than "sketchy anime sites" w gross people
okay really though how many fuckin people are up right now
this was the first thing i actually drew on my tablet 
people questioning you being up at three am but they are also up at three am: ????????
@ur_pimp_daddy the puppy posters were brainwashing me
@shitnerd i had like 50 of them when i was little and made them dance to lady gaga songs bc i was a loser
rare sighting of demon child receiving satanic tools on her birthday!! 
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 
why do pictures of cats always have captions that sound like a 2008 emo kid wrote it
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 just remember that i got this instantly and i'm ace
the amount of photos of me as a disgusting human child specimen is alarming
@Valkyrie_V not pictured: the giant pink carpet that covered the entire fuckin floor and sequin curtains
this was my bedroom when I was like 10 
@suzieislame i still have no boobs
as a child, i could channel evil through my eyes 
when you prove someone wrong and think they're gonna doubt you 
i have like the best tweet but the gif won't load properly to post
there's a spell in here on getting divine messages from gods. what if you channeled zeus through you and all he said was "haha dicks".
"you are actually sending out vibrations that soar through the cosmos to bring the reality back to you" - this book
fun fact: pine trees are good for exorcisms
it says if you can't see the moon just draw a picture of the moon. draw a fuckin circle. bam. moon powers.
i wonder if there's a pink candle somewhere
I wanna do a spell
seriously guys there's wands and candles and circles and shit. let's do some spells.
there's a whole section on doing group spells, who wants to help me fuck with shit using the moon
I'm reading that book I got on how to do spells with the moon phases to become the true Zita Van Zok
@sassy_zoe also now you match your user name
@sassy_zoe you still look nice as a suburban dad. wtf, zoe
@artichokez I HAVE NOWHERE TO PUT THIS MUCH STUFF
oh my god when I get a new tablet i'm totally gonna draw the scene where Ivy beats the shit out of Valkyrie Cain
@Valkyrie_V I could wear this on the throne in skeleton hell if I had $20
perks of being friends with @aCoolHufflepuff 
look at this 
not having money to spend on skeleton themed clothing 
skeleton themed clothing 
finally buying cosplay supplies feels actually productive
fun fact: don't tell anyone you want art supplies. I have over five sketchbooks. I am drowning in pencils. There are so many paints. Help.
someone should donate about $20 to the "ivy just found a skeleton dress online" fund
@aCoolHufflepuff here 
there's a calculator to find out how big your dick would be if you had one oh my god
@sassy_zoe that seems like something that would be essential to your existence
I started off this year watching Guardians of the Galaxy and almost missed midnight, happy new year
@DerekLandy I hope we get hoverboards
life hack: don't put your whole fucking hand in a flat iron to see if it's on
@DerekLandy So how's your new book going so far?
why am i awake
update: tablet stopped working out of nowhere and is now broken according to their website. nice. I have only drawn one picture
IT'S DONE I DON'T CARE IT'S DONE 
oh my god where did her robot arm go?? even my fucking supreme finished wasn't finished bc her arm disappeared
i fixed Vriska's legs and shoes, and now I'm just ignoring them because they still look odd to me. But her hair is nice so I don't care.
it is supreme finished. It is final. 
actually, that picture is even more finished than it was when I said it was more finished than it was when I said it was finished. It is now
more finished than before when I said it was finished bc now robot lady looks more proportioned 
that stupid drawing took forever

i'm gonna do another one
this is what it was based on 
IT'S FINISHED 
okay now it has feet and looks better. she is lacking a hand. 
all I've eaten today is toblerone. Livin like larry
@suzieislame loser
@suzieislame did it come with a gift receipt
@LuScath ha, thanks! and that's how I feel about acting + drawing; they help with school stress
@LuScath It is! And I'll be sure to keep you posted with it. Also, that's great!
@LuScath thank you! I'm playing a crazy gypsy. And I'll do my best to! Are you still doing a lot of writing?
@LuScath Yeah! I'm gonna be in my second play at the end of the month! and thank you. I hope I do too, I really need to get a story going
@LuScath very rarely :( I've been preoccupied w/ acting and drawing, plus school. I wanna get back into it though. Lots of ideas though.
@LuScath :/
well I hope you're able to figure something out soon!!
@LuScath that's frustrating. Are you making any money off your book?
@LuScath not old enough to get one yet though
@LuScath :o why is it so expensive from here jfc
I'm going to try to put money towards a trip to Ireland and Australia when I can get a job
@LuScath yeah, just the plain ticket alone is $1600, otherwise I'd have tried to go back by now :/
fun photo from skeleton hell!! 
@LuScath it's been almost two years and I still miss Dublin; it's never going to go away
I just sneezed like five times in a row
throwback to that time I only ate six rolls in one day at two am ft. @ZathractMist 
so yeah in other news i'm never putting effort forth into anything ever again because it'll probably perish and die
Well I'm probably never going to finish that picture after this experience
I was almost finished and now I have to start over on that whole character because that fucking website decided to switch screens
I'm so upset I actually worked so fucking hard on that oh my god
I literally spent like three hours on that one part and it fucking deleted
oh my god
THE WHOLE FUCKING THING DELETED JUST NOW OH Y GOD
I fucking hate drawing I swear to god
i chose to draw this picture solely for the fact that there's a cool Vriska in it and I keep messing her up
now there's a robot whose arm makes me want to murder someone 
it would have erased the entire image holy shit
oh my god I accidentally clicked an ad on the page I was using to draw that like two seconds after I saved it to my computer
working on a background for something 
I had caffine today and I'm pretty sure it was a bad idea
iggy: aight
iggy:
iggy: who the hell is bucky
@TheGeeMoney look at this song 
iggy: alright
iggy:
iggy:
iggy: iggy iggy bo biggy banana fana fo figgy fe fi mo miggy iggy
@666SATANLUVR666 don't tell zuko or he'll be pissed that it didn't take three years
I need to go and wash makeup off but that takes more effort than I want to put forth
@666SATANLUVR666 you have lost your honor
hey big happy b-day to Isabella!! i tried to find things for you @aCoolHufflepuff 
what's it called when you constantly feel like you're going to throw up every single day
@ur_pimp_daddy if awkward isn't supposed to last your whole life i think i'm fucked
trying to eat food you don't like with extended family is so uncomfortable
@andrewhussie stop killing characters
@suzieislame I heard screaming so propably
i'm pretty sure my dog wants to leave but no. he shall never escape. he is too short to jump off my bed without assistance
@suzieislame nice
mY DOG ACTUALLY LIKES ME?? 
i fukcing wore mismatched shoes in public AGAIN
it's 3:15 and I have left my room a grand total of 3 times
if concealer companies genuinely think they can conceal the bags under my eyes they are WRONG
I'm so bored
wow look at this actually decent kanaya 
it's nearly one pm and I have not left my bedroom or even turned on the light yet
I only got five hours of sleep, this is just like school
it's nearly five in the morning
i forgot her horns
i mean all the drawings look like shit but tz is the only one who looks moderately okay
why is terezi the only thing i can draw easily on here 
i need to stop doing shit
oh also it;s four am
I think I probably need to go to sleep because I almost got emotional over Zuko reuniting with his uncle
okay but. like. firelord ozai was hella ripped. just because he didn't have bending didn't mean he couldn't have punched aang off that rock.
guys I'm gonna do it, I'm gonna be a firebender and no one can stop me except for nature and that's only a minor issue
The Firelord has been stopped. Zuko regained his honor. The nations are at peace. Katara and Aang are together. I watched 8 hours of this.
life goals: be Azula
literally just using paint, but it's surprisingly easy to use 
first awful drawing on a tablet bc i could not figure out any programs 
@shitnerd do you know how to open it?
@shitnerd alright thank you!!
@shitnerd do you have a link?
does anyone know a good drawing program I could get to use with my tablet?
who wants to hang out with a loser today (hint: I am the loser)
@EmilyJIrwin yes
"I forget the next couple of lines, but then it goes SECRET TUNNEL, SECRET TUNNEL"
merry not christmas, losers
idk what song is playing but they just said "there were 100,000 skeletons" and now I'm properly listening
three year anniversary of Skulduggery not giving Valkyrie a christmas gift because it was no longer christmas @DerekLandy
i should probably update tqoays for christmas
my aunt got me a book on what witchcraft to do depending on the moon phases to make it more successful. she knows.
@JackFar17 it was becauses of the pickles, wasn't it
designer cat scarf was apparently not for sale 
look at my cat scarf, it's designer 
LOOK AT MY CAT 
also be aware that just because i am asleep doesn't mean i won't hear you talking shit and smack you, because that's what friends do
if any of you ever take a car ride with me at night, please be aware that i am that person who falls asleep for about half of it
@BrookeStarbard we'll do it after break. play pro family bonding
oh did I mention that I need people to have a marathon w me because i got all three seasons of atla??
@aCoolHufflepuff thanks bae(gel)
in other words I got roll dough and hella dough 
rolls are my favourite
ROLLIN IN DOUGH 
@DerekLandy The whole season was kind of that way, in my opinion. Not such a great Doctor (orjustverypoorlywritten).
@sassy_zoe no marathon at emily's this year? damn
GUESS WHO GOT A DRAWING TABLET

IT WAS ME I DID
why did isabella send me the "feliz yaoidad" song for christmas
@sassy_zoe probably bc i'm a literal queen of the dead. But yeah, we need to hang out sometime soon for sure. What are you doing new years?
@aCoolHufflepuff (throwback to the mineshaft pun)
@aCoolHufflepuff maybe they'll teach you how to say them
@aCoolHufflepuff oh wow i feel so threatened. let me go tell the teacher, boo hoo
@aCoolHufflepuff really? bc I'm pretty sure that last statement was a joke
@aCoolHufflepuff how about you try to not say any bad puns, that'd be a wonderful gift
@aCoolHufflepuff just wing it
@aCoolHufflepuff same
@aCoolHufflepuff NOPE I'M OUT
@aCoolHufflepuff well I got a Terezi wig so it looks like we've gotta try out some new stuff
@aCoolHufflepuff damn. I might have to join
@aCoolHufflepuff I don't need your pity treats
@aCoolHufflepuff not gonna happen
I really really like having long hair but then I really like short hair looks too
@DerekLandy Didn't they ever learn how to do proper blocking? That's basic drama class.
it does not feel like christmas eve
guess who got a terezi pyrope wig 
@Tanith_Low_96 no, they'll know. they'll see it all in my internet-worn eyes. THEY'LL KNOW..
i have to pee put I can hear my dad and stepmom putting out presents and I was supposed to go to bed like two hours ago
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 why does this whole conversation sound like shitty song lyrics
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 thanks bae
@666SATANLUVR666 @ur_pimp_daddy idk what it's supposed to mean but I guess I'll take it as poetry
@ur_pimp_daddy @666SATANLUVR666 shoutout to me ignoring you in the background
I thought they were going to eat the nugget baby
bc in Silent Night they said "tender and mild" and the only thing I associated with the word "tender" was chicken nuggets from mcdonalds
fun fact: when I was little I thought jesus was a chicken nugget as a baby and was really confused but never said anything
merry christmas 
Gremlins is the best Christmas movie ever.
idk why but for the last couple of years Christmas season does not feel like Christmas season
I want to do something exciting but I have no money or resources
my cat just sneezed and you all missed it
@DerekLandy in my dream I stopped everyone from thinking it was YOUR fault for the dinosaur rampage destroying the world, I hope youre happy
who wants to make a super rad movie where I can be a stylish super villain
there's cat drool on me, the cats must be stopped
if I try to go anywhere else aside from my bedroom i get assaulted by cats 
I really love when family continuously leaves the house to go do things that I want to do with them without me. It's the best.
every time it looks like they can be happy and normal he's in the background watching. why. 
did I mention that I just watched sixteen and a half hours of Avatar: The Last Airbender nonstop
i'm marathoning all of avatar the last airbender and am happy in life
@EmilyJIrwin @sassy_zoe oh my god this is so cool
Amanda told me that her letter opener was sharp but i didn't believe her and long story short i cut my thumb
look at this beautiful page from the quest of a young skelebro i drew 
guys you need to go read the quest of a young skelebro
it's three am and i'm writing a shit skella comic
guys i'm writing a webcomic about the adventures of skelebro go read it so far 
skype conversations are a gift to humanity
@ZathractMist you are cacti
@ZathractMist god had damned it 
fun fact: @ZathractMist's inner tree is "a fucking cactus"
it's hilarious
i keep laughing at really dumb joke but then start coughing instead and choking and trying to laugh at how dumb that is and choking more
tire?? oh man
btw i'm hella tire and everything is about twelve times funnier to me than it should be rn, just as a warning
then vs now comparison of me being over obsessive about rolls 
guesS WHO FOUND MORE ROLLS
my greatest achievement being, of course, crowned as the Skeleton Queen
the fact that people automatically associate skeletons with me is among my greatest achievements
straight guys tryna text girls like 
why is there a worldwide trend about nintendogs dying
idk why but thinking of tigers going extinct makes me really sad
@JackFar17 @TheGeeMoney I don't know if that's even possible but we'll try our best :D
@TheGeeMoney @JackFar17 Thanks!!  I'll let him know
@TheGeeMoney @JackFar17 yo was it you guys who dropped cookies off for me earlier? If so thank you!!
@SignyJosang ya I know this one was fairly normal
@DerekLandy merry almost Christmas!!
@SignyJosang no you were aradia at that part and needed a weapon to stab my hand
@SignyJosang also p sure we were dragons at one point?? And you were Aradia and could fly away and that's how you got the garden shears
@SignyJosang fuckin knew it
@SignyJosang and then when I could barely walk I was wearing a victorian dress and passed out and you tried to strangle me again. It was odd
@SignyJosang idk i guess you wanted revenge for something?? You sliced my hand open w garden tools at one point and nearly drowned me
@SignyJosang btw you literally tried to murder me like 5 times in my dream
fun tip: don't fucking trip over scarves and crush your wrist. Don't do it. Don't.
I have no idea how long I was asleep just now
I love play pro to death but I feel like it stresses me out so much
I tripped over a scarf. How. How did I manage to cause this much harm with a scarf.
I tripped over a scarf and landed on my wrist and fucked it up and I'm hella pissed
I did a whole French presentation in like an hour, I hope you're all proud
@aCoolHufflepuff They're friends and they're helping keep guard for Zuko together
okay but what if I did my powerpoint in comic sans
I FORGOT I HAVE A PRESENTATION THAT I HAVE NOT FINISHED FOR TOMORROW
fyi in the atla comics, Tai Lee became a Kyoshi Warrior with Suki
I knew there was a reason Vriska was my favourite 
I started reading Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and it's great
Imagine how cool it would be to be a model for Victorian era dresses
please watch this video of thirteen kittens running around a yard bc it's the best 
"you meme a skel-of-a-lot to me"
the most genius i've ever achieved
I thought of the perfect holiday skeleton card idea ever earlier
when someone walks in on you cosplaying and asks to join 
Having in depth conversations about characters is the best thing ever
I forgot to bring my sketch book to my dad's I'm so irritated
if anyone has a dark blue christmas sweater I can borrow for saturday let me know
fyi if I start saying I'm claustrophobic and start freaking out don't stare in my direction bc I might cry
@suzieislame you were right, the aesthetic is en pointe
I found like 6 skeleton shirts there
I was at walmart earlier and they still have skeleton shit there from halloween. God bless.
in other news I have made it obvious that I enjoy posting awful photos with comic sans on them
when people misinterpret your favorite character and hate on them for it 
@aCoolHufflepuff isabella I swear to god
friendly reminder not to let @aCoolHufflepuff touch your computer 
Fun fact: I will almost always call people out on their bullshit
In other words, I procrastinate a lot and would not recommend doing that but am probably not going to make a move to stop anytime soon
GUESS WHO FINISHED THEIR ESSAY AFTER SITTING AT THE COMPUTER FOR ABOUT 9 HOURS

IT WAS ME
@JackFar17 then I'm gonna wear skeleton pjs and inform the world that I am the skelequeen tomorrow. Be prepared
@JackFar17 are you gonna dress up
when you give someone instructions written in your own blood on a scarf and draw your chalk outline to die in 
when someone gives you instructions written in their own blood on a scarf then draws their own chalk outline and dies 
I could have rich italian relatives who could give me birthday money but I don't know them
It kinda weirds me out that there are people technically related to me w the last name Votolato and I have no idea who they are
Does anyone know how I sign up for a winter wish because I want to be crowned queen of the skeletons at the assembly
I think I tried to subconsciously convince myself to try to touch the ceiling and then remembered there was no way I could reach that high
team "let's finish essays at midnight the day before", where ya at
I should probably finish that. It's rad, unfinished, and sad.
I never even finished the robot arm I started in August
And am probably too lazy to use those items to make the gauntlet
I still really want to cosplay Valkyrie with the death touch gauntlet thing but at the same time I don't have the $3 necessary for it
@DerekLandy your writing tips are basically what I do except there's like three months between each one of them
I've been sitting here for 4 hours and have typed six sentences in the rough draft

six
I don't know how many times I've mentioned how much I hate essays but hey the more the merrier
we're best friends 
Apparently my mother tried to talk to me this morning only to realise it was a skeleton. The skeleton is more entertaining than I thought.
trying to write essays that are due the next day 
Reciting lines out loud is weird bc people keep walking past my room and it seems like I'm either talking to myself or the skeleton in here
my room is so cold my fingers are numb
At the Karoshi show they stamped our wrists but the stamp was of what looked like a really pissed off egg
I've never actually been to a concert that wasn't a family member playing in and it looks like today I am continuing this tradition
@shitnerd it was probably kenspeckle
@shitnerd oh my god, that's perfect
I looked so en pointe today 
why are there so many favourites on that picture of me with the skulduggery books in 2010
@BDavv yo at EWHS we're having a murder mystery play from Jan. 29 - Feb. 1, if you're in the area!
@aCoolHufflepuff @TheGeeMoney @yesitsmarlena see that I'm priceless
@TheGeeMoney @yesitsmarlena @aCoolHufflepuff apparently I'm worth $123,980 so
@aCoolHufflepuff @yesitsmarlena @TheGeeMoney #teamisabellasquared4lyfe
@TheGeeMoney @yesitsmarlena @aCoolHufflepuff SOOOOUUUIIIEEEEEEEE PIG
@yesitsmarlena @TheGeeMoney @aCoolHufflepuff marlena let's team up and take them down
@TheGeeMoney @yesitsmarlena @aCoolHufflepuff GOD DAMMIT THIS IS WHY I'M TURNING YOU INTO A FROG
we're pretty lame @aCoolHufflepuff 
fun fact: isabella is tweeting me but is approximately 7 inches away
@aCoolHufflepuff @yesitsmarlena rude
#teamfeelinupyourauras 
@yesitsmarlena @aCoolHufflepuff I'll fight you for your goat worth
@aCoolHufflepuff @yesitsmarlena but they're gonna tell you anyway and slowly wear down your self confidence
the mental image of the old men who play Mauvins have to drop dead on the floor is my favourite part
looking up pictures of Bone Chiller casts are so weird because the old people are all actually old people
@aCoolHufflepuff @yesitsmarlena that's a terrible joke and so are you
the original zita van zok 
@yesitsmarlena i'm 8 goats and a brother we're meant to be
@yesitsmarlena how many goats you're worth quiz 
@andrewhussie apparently you aren't able to make it to emerald city comic con but I think you are mistaken. Dante Basco will be there
friendly reminder to never let Isabella near your computer bc every image is now a christmas nick cage
start em off young 
throwback to me in 2010 
I hope I throw up in the morning and don't have to go to school
bodies doesn't need an apostrophe
why are turtleneck sweaters called turtlenecks? where are the turtle body's?? what have they done to the turtles
It also might hit me but that's not as important
I'm scared that the wind is going to break my windows and the glass is going to harm my skeleton sitting next to it
and at least I'm not a brony
but in my defense said character has been dead for years and has returned
and that it will probably be brought up in convesation
sometimes I remember that I have actually cool friends who follow me on twitter and then remember that I screamed about face paint
the wind is all fun and games until I remember that the windows in my room aren't locked in properly and are violently being hit by wind
@sassy_zoe approximately 1/4 naked and afraid
It's so windy out that we're gonna get our house stuck in tornadoes and end up in hell (kansas)
sometimes I think I like Vriska more than I do but then 
look at this precious dead ghost child 
A NEW SHIP IS BEING BORN
SHE'S GONNA GET A PIRATE TATTOO I'M SO PROUD
shE HAS BRAIDS AND SHIT SHE'S SO GREAT
VRISKA IS BACK OH MY GOD
"them" being the orthodontists, of course. Way too vain to destroy my teeth.
my teeth hurt so bad from the orthodontist. I will destroy them. In about nine months, once they take the fucking braces off.
They look like pirates
Gypsy costumes are strange, or so they look from google image searching.
why does Pandora give me car ads that look like they're for gay porn?? 
better picture of said hair: 
what if I cut my hair like this 
It's probably a sign
Today I found a book called "The Book of Ivy" and it was about murder with a picture of a girl holding a knife behind her back
when you try to draw but everything looks off 
@aCoolHufflepuff you'll know if you got food poisoning if you throw up 3+ times, take it from an expert
"Hey Zita read my palm" "It says you're a lil bitch" @BrookeStarbard
tfw you have to pretend to be searchin four auras for two hours on stage 
I looked like a less green shrek
throwback to 2011. it was terrible 
i want to blow up a city to the song "Chelsea Dagger"
"knos" "noes" "nos" "nows" "kows" 

i'm tired
just for the record I spelled "knows" wrong like six times trying to type the previous tweet
10 minutes left of this dye on my precious head. will I survive this?? no one knows
"what's that sound are you taking pictures" 

"no" 
hair dye feels gross
@EmilyJIrwin you need to be Suki from atla
I think in Play Pro we need to watch the Ember Island Players episode of atla because it would be an educational experience
I could totally pull this off 
I might be making an Azula cosplay now
PRINCE ZUKO IS GOING TO COMIC CON
I literally almost passed out trying to walk to my room. Pretty sure I'm sick
@TheGeeMoney we need these as club shirts 
christmas is coming and asexual flags are less than $10 
@suzieislame why don't you love me, son
@suzieislame go to your room, you piece of shit child
@suzieislame who is this louise, son
I just remembered that I'm broke, god DAMMIT
I'M GONNA FUCKIN PISS MYSELF THIS IS A REAL SHIRT I CAN BUY WITH MONEY I'M SO FUCKING EXCITED 
Life goals: high-five the person who made edible sparkle sprinkles. They are my hero.
tfw you take a test to try to figure out if you've got a mental issue and you score positively and the explanation is accurate
Most of the time I want to colour my art but I REALLY don't want to fuck it up
why does the background character in my drawing almost look better than the main one
Sasquatch has been replaced by Rudolph as my one true love
I want to take really dramatic holiday photos that yo'd see families doing but it'll just be me and my skeleton in holiday sweaters
I don't mind but. like. kinda strange.
why do elderly people at a church keep saying I should be a model
@distortednjh who the hell am I kidding, someone get me a full size mirror and a piece of chalk. Let's do this shit.
@distortednjh but I would rather not have to deal with the consequences that could follow having a reflection
I only left my house for less than two hours and I feel like I died and need to sleep for three days
@suzieislame you're grounded
@suzieislame fuck you, son
@suzieislame and I'm in coughing hell, you're making it worse
@suzieislame DON'T START THIS BLUE COLLAR BULLSHIT WITH ME
I coughed and it sounded like a squealing pig. Amazing.
I finally finished the sequel and it's so dumb and cheesy but it's hilarious and there's lesbians and death and it's great
@Starkid_Sparrow It's the best movie ever. You have good taste.
Sometimes the head of skeleton in my room swings around because of how it's sitting but it did that right as I wrote a death scene
@DerekLandy @Starkid_Sparrow Are those Nightmare Before Christmas decorations? I love it.
Also, there are lesbians.
The part two of this story is apocalyptic. The puppy has gone rogue and decimated population. People are screaming. Fourth graders will cry.
There's fourteen pages left blank in the back of the book. I should write a sequel.
Apparently my name was Mimi? And my best friend was Lilli. With an 'I'. What an individual.
I also found a book I wrote in fourth grade and never finished illustrating. It was poorly written, but well done for a fourth grader.
I found a sort of fanfiction I wrote when I was twelve. Dark times.
@BrookeStarbard I feel so loved
yes, I'd like to thank puberty for being a thing 
team loser is reunited @chinasorrows23 
@suzieislame you're being banished from the fire nation and we're taking your honor
@666SATANLUVR666 same tho
@DerekLandy do you have a good referencce sort of picture for what Valkyrie's tattoo would look like?? I wanna do a cosplay of it
@dantebasco don't worry, you're still the only Rufioh there could ever be
I would have undoubtedly been burned at the stake as a witch a few hundred years ago. I'm so proud of me.
I wanna learn my school's fight song in latin so it scares the shit out of people when I sing it
@666SATANLUVR666 then you could threaten to kick people but instead throw your disembodied foot and laugh at their screams
if you're ever sad just think of how much more life would suck if lizards didn't exist and be glad they do
@DerekLandy you evil man
@DerekLandy You're walking on thin ice, Landy
@Valkyrie_V this is directed at you, @DerekLandy
when you forget about a major character death then reread it and they're suddenly dead again 
Also I bought sewing needles today for play pro costumes, the world should be proud
do you ever forget how to do something you're moderately good at and feel like your one talent dissipated and you're left there like "nice"
me: *makes incomprehensible noise*
family: *makes incomprehensible noise back*
@ConorBrumell :D
@DerekLandy I'm sure I could do the same to anyone trying to sue.
@DerekLandy Don't worry, my role is the gypsy witch who turns the killer into a bran muffin. Those powers reflect in the real world, right?
Isabella in play pro? more like @aCoolHufflepuff 
don't remember saving this file but honestly not surprised 
why are boys so uncomfortable about periods?? You're not the one with blood pouring out of you. I'm uncomfortable.
@suzieislame i'm never playing baseball with you, son. never.
@suzieislame you're the worst son i've ever had
@yesitsmarlena The world better be prepared
@yesitsmarlena I knew it, we're going to piggy back ride into the sunset
@yesitsmarlena we're meant to be
@yesitsmarlena It's okay peg, I'll always love you &lt;3 aND I'LL KILL BUEL FOR YOU
@yesitsmarlena also bae stands for "bran amphibious entity" since that's what you are to me now
@yesitsmarlena thanks bae
@yesitsmarlena SHIT TIME TO LEAVE THE COUNTRY
@yesitsmarlena probably why I wasn't the murderer since I can't blow my cover
@yesitsmarlena never thought I'd be turning my friends into breakfast foods yet here we are
@yesitsmarlena bringin back the animal unit from the dead
@yesitsmarlena oh of course, never forget that you have to hop around as a frog
@yesitsmarlena are you ready for me to turn you into a bran muffin
Honestly so excited for the costume I get to wear in the play because it's gonna be great
I kinda like being hella short bc I get piggy back rides and use tall people for warmth but at the same time it's hard to be intimidating
when you make a joke about being full of yourself and people think you're being serious and get annoyed 
@DerekLandy The play I'm doing involves an uncle's murder and trying to figure out the will he left as a riddle... THAT SOUNDS FAMILIAR...
I was kinda confused bc I don't REMEMBER killing anyone but you never know
I thought there was blood on my hands but it turned out it was the red cream from the Oreos I've been eating to avoid my responsibilities
"BEESEA" LIKE "BC" FOR "BONECHILLER" WHY WAS THAT NECESSARY
I have to do a speech tomorrow and mine's on feminism so they better all be prepared
I'm already moderately sick, I'm half way there
Okay but WHAT IF I got hella sick today and didn't have to go to school tomorrow. How great would that be
I'm in that mood where you literally want to crack someone's skull into a wall
If anything it's gonna make me more stressed and probably start crying
Why do people think that interrogating me on why I'm stressed out is going to make me feel better
tfw you are pissed off at yourself and accidentally take it out on other people and you feel even worse 
@ConorBrumell How come?
@ConorBrumell I'm okay! Kinda sick though. How are you?
@ConorBrumell I knew it
I can barely even speak today and it sucks
this deadpool was dressed as Dave Strider and he was there like three times the other day when I was Vriska 
@ConorBrumell there's a lady undercover detective named Flame in the play I'm doing, thought you should know
Out of context that seems a little bit weird, just realised that
THE MURDERER IS A GIRL YES
Kinda want to be the insane gypsy witch lady in our play but also kinda want to be the murderer who turns into a frog/bran muffin by lady
best purchase of my life 
I actually have never seen/done any snowboarding but I bought it bc there were flames on the snowboard and everyone else told me I shouldn't
Today I got a Christmas ornament of a dude doing sweet tricks on a snowboard so in ten years I'll look back and remember how great I was
My room is so cold
I'm ready for Christmas and to ruin literally everything with skeletons
@BrookeStarbard @MarinaIbsen @suzieislame well, it's definitely not that fuckin union
honestly though I make a gr8 dead murderous troll fairy 
@MarinaIbsen @suzieislame @BrookeStarbard WELL IT'S GOOD TO BE HOME, Y'ALL.
*walks out doing jazz hands*
@suzieislame steal it
@MarinaIbsen @suzieislame @BrookeStarbard It was stage manager, I knew it
My grandpa keeps asking me if I'm "on the net"
@suzieislame Or the octogenarians
@suzieislame one of my claw nails broke and it's probably the union's fault
it fuCKIN SNOWED
"don't try to eat candy in the dark or oyu might try to eat a toy maze thing" - me
I need t osleep
deprecate ryyhems w space right?? like 47% o the time?
my otps song is playing, I feel like a proud father
probably.
maybe tha'ts why m y head hurts???
whatt if someone put a roll in my ear and my brain bcame a roll and rolled out of me
my head hurtss
"ivy you should probably stop eating all the rolls" 
I'm literally going to projectile vomit rolls so violently it'll give me momentum to roll away from all of my problems
@suzieislame life motto
on roll numero six
tfw you're literally on your fifth roll and about to eat a sixth 
How much bread have I consumed today
wait I also ate like three mini croissants
I'M ON A ROLL
I wanna go eat another thanksgiving roll but literally all I've eaten today is like four rolls
my legacy 
Not the weird kind, you sick fucks
Doing shit rp is literally my favourite thing
confirmed @ZathractMist 
Honestly I looked so great today and no one I even like saw me
@DerekLandy you should ship some out to America to help be sure you finish all of those
*strategically sits at the open end of the Thanksgiving table to make room for doomsday escapes if the time comes*
My sister just walked past me and said, "You be lookin' fierce".
@ur_pimp_daddy you're too kind
My friend found out I was having bad anxiety yesterday and he sent me like 20 pictures of kittens to make me feel better
@suzieislame is that in the near future or
@suzieislame look at me through this computer screen where you can't see my face and ask this - do I have enough patience to wait that long
@suzieislame but the real question is if my nails are actually long enough for this
@suzieislame it'll probably be me but I think I'm willing to take the chance
@suzieislame but are the fun and games worth it, that's my question here
I wanna file my nails to points bc claws
wow I can't believe I'm in a family full of white people who think they're being oppressed because they think black people are racist.
@ur_pimp_daddy happy free-from-the-womb anniversary, loser
when people accurately characterize your favourite characters 
@666SATANLUVR666 loser
@DerekLandy actual real life photo of Derek Landy, he has been spotted 
I had my priorities straight. I also thought I was straight. Oh, have the tables have tabled.
I was looking through the bookmarks on my computer and apparently twelve year old me saved a link on how to kick a door in
"Land of the free" Yeah, if you're a straight, white, middle-aged Christian man.
I fucking hate this pathetic excuse of an "equal country".
They kept calling everyone the wrong names and switching back without explaining and there were loads of typos and it kept contradicting
"It Was a Dark and Stormy Night" is such a bad play
I am so tired
"Shut the fuck up or I'll slash your fucking throat I fucking swear to god" - me at 3:30 in the morning, trying to sleep
A big dog just smiled at me and started wagging its tail and it was so happy. I love dogs.
Honestly feeling upset about being too lazy to make toast. First world problems.
A world without toast is a cruel world

And I am currently lacking toast
I bet I could get away with making toast but I feel like as soon as I made it I wouldn't want it
I wonder if mr. krabs is feeling it yet
you know that feeling where you really want toast but it's midnight? I'm feelin that

Chinduggery in LSODM @DerekLandy 
I just made so many skeleton memes and I'm so proud
current emotion: 
This is gettin further 
Dress rehearsal was interesting
Also mouths are hard to draw when you're drawing with the computer mousepad
Still in progress but trying to draw Vriska in photoshop paint (using my cosplay makeup as face reference) 
I don't know if I've mentioned it before but I have a special hatred in my heart for bigotted and asshole adults
I'm writing an essay about why I believe in feminism for english class and they better be fucking prepared for this
@sassy_zoe maybe bruh will be our always
@sassy_zoe bruh
Happy birthday @EmilyJIrwin 
It's like they don't understand the progression of the human race means that it's possible to change and improve things from 50 years ago.
The close-mindedness of so many adults is something I don't understand.
@DerekLandy Hey, your new blogpost is hella. I really appreciate you using the wide range of readers you have to spread things like that.
Sometimes I remember that my play is next week and have an internal near-death experience
@DerekLandy It needs a pet cat or something
If you give me hot chocolate and it doesn't taste like I had to bargain my soul for it, it's not worth it.
Or both
I should cosplay Azula or Asami, shouldn't I
How do I acquire a girlfriend
@Bot__Cookie @dantebasco Oh my god look there's a cookie spambot and everything supporting this request
@dantebasco please go to Emerald City Comic Con next year; I'll bring you, like, 6 cookies if you do
Prince Zuko is officially Homestuck trash like the rest of us, I'm so happy @dantebasco 
It was so sad. This is not okay.
I thought the season was sucky enough for me to not care about characters but I was WRONG
Why is Doctor Who so sad
I have a heated blanket and I'm about 83% sure it's one of the best things I own
I have days where I can draw and then I have days when I most certainly canNOT draw
Finally saw Guardians of the Galaxy and I really wanna cosplay Gamora
Not having pitch black skies in the morning when I leave for school is really throwing me off.
Am I ever gonna find somewhere to fit the other otp member in here?? Probably not 
*pretends to be drawing something nice* *is actually just drawing otps for the billionth time because I want it to be real*
I've been waiting like a whole 15 minutes for Homestuck to update and it hasn't yet. How am I supposed to use this as an excuse
November is my favorite month.
I constantly feel like I'm going to throw up and it's really fucking annoying
@XconeyqueenX @Porcelain_Dani Cosplays must be made
My Immortal is literally the greatest thing oh my god
I should be Ebony Dark'ness Dementia Raven Way for next Halloween, who wants to be Draco
@DerekLandy *whispers* I will make a human sacrifice for/to be in that movie somehow
I givfde up goodnighht
wtf jjappened to the slepping in that last twettt?
I'm so tiredd I could like

sleep or somethinnng   edxciting like that
@6arba6e6irl URSULA, MY STRANGE, STRANGE CHILD
@6arba6e6irl URSULA
HALLOWEEN IS THE BEST DAY OF THE YEAR
Why am I suddenly so unenthusiastic about putting up Halloween decorations today
@KarenGillan2 Not quite Amy Pond, but... #SelfieABC 
Do you ever randomly get hella disoriented because that was me during basically all four hours of Play Pro today
@DerekLandy Could you retweet this to get the word out about Asexual Awareness Week? Thank you!
HEY-O! HAPPY ACE AWARENESS WEEK!
MY MOTHER JUST GAVE ME A FIVE FOOT SKELETON THAT CAN POSE I'M SO EXCITED
@ProspitsPrince @andrewhussie so is literally everyone else
@andrewhussie oh my god
I can't process all of this at once this is too much for me
homestuck oh my GOD
oh my god
homestuck updated and i'm literally shaking what the fuck is wrong with andrew hussie
Can you tell which pumpkin is mine 
@DerekLandy Are you SURE you're one of the good guys? You killed, like, a ridiculous amount of people.
@DerekLandy Hey, happy birthday!
I almost have my voice back thank god
I want to toss someone in a pile of puppies. When I say puppies, I mean wolves. I want to toss someone in a pile of wolves.
I drank a caprisun even though it ISN'T lunchtime and I am not 10. Fear the power your new overlord possesses.
I still don't have a Halloween costume this is a nightmare
Bigfoot lover was the picture I chose
@artichokez I could literally be a meme in any photo that I'm in
The profile picture makes me look like I have friends, but the snake really shows my true feelings towards people in general.
I can't decide if I should use my profile picture or the snake one for my play pro bio 
@6arba6e6irl The one and only desired aesthetic
There's a song called "My unfortunate erection" in the musical we're doing at school just an fyi
Incase anyone was wondering what I waited a year to update for, it was this 
My sister's friend's dad came to the door to pick her up and thought I was wearing a witch Halloween costume, but it was my normal clothes.
@sassy_zoe literally me
@SparkyBraginski @DerekLandy sometimes, but you're a really SPECIAL messenger I couldn't live without
There's a frog outside my house and it really needs to shut the hell up
@DerekLandy I'm glad you received my hello in Australia
I literally cannot get it off unless I cut it and I don't want to
I think this necklace is stuck on me
This photo was my legend in 2013 
If I do something embarrassing in front of you there's a 97% chance I'll think of it literally every time I speak to you
I have no idea what my character's objective is. Drop off makeup? Earn love from another lady? Piss off everyone in the play??
Why do I have to write a character autobiography this is irritating
Also really love that feeling when I think I suck at something I really like (ie writing, acting, drawing, etc)
Ah yes, I've reached that time of year when even the things I enjoy give me crippling anxiety and paranoia. My favourite.
I'm practicing my monologue and I just. I am shouting. I am shouting to myself in my bedroom.
@DerekLandy If you see either Sparky or Zathract tell them I say hi. It'll throw them off.
Used photoshop to make the otp prettier 
Drew the otp after not drawing them for a while 
@DerekLandy YOOOOOOOO
I give up on this 
I can'r draw lips I give up
ONLY TROLLS OR THE OCCASSIONAL SKELEBRO
I CaaNT" FUcKIGn dRAW huMAnS
Spooky Skulldugs and Val for Halloween @DerekLandy 
I can draw Valkyrie at like a 10 and Skulduggery at about a 3
Why did every single teacher give me homework on homecoming weekend? Why would you do that?
Thank god makeup remover exists
Also pretty sure there's makeup from that lady embedded into my skull
Did I mention the whole queen of death aesthetic I had going on at Homecoming 
Also really love being late in the morning. Real fun.
Ah, yes, I'm so glad our grade color is yellow. Not only is it my least favorite color, but it really compliments the bags under my eyes.
(Hopefully not me. That would suck.)
I can't tell if I'm getting sick or if it's just because I'm freezing but if I'm getting sick someone's gonna die
@DerekLandy Those lights are hella.
"I wonder why people never sit on the same seats in the morning!" -the person who sat next to me while I was trying to sit alone
Everyone wants to be a conversationalist obnoxiously loudly with me
I fucking hate the bus in the morning
@sassy_zoe Follow your dreams
I think I should do it

Frighten the weak
My heart says "yes", but my mom says "please don't"
I wonder if I should wear the skella crown to homecoming
I MADE A SKULL CROWN AND I AM QUEEN OF THE SKELLAS 
Someone earlier told me that the way I thought of the nickname Ivy was cheesy and they unknowingly put their life in danger
"yeah one sec" 
@DerekLandy You and your cat parting is more dramatic than Romeo and Juliet, Derek.
@sassy_zoe @EmilyJIrwin Cross that earlier statement, seventh grade had good points
I JUST FOUND MY SKELETON PAJAMA PANTS I'VE NEVER WORN

HELLA
@EmilyJIrwin I flew halfway across the planet
@EmilyJIrwin You stalked people from afar, but I made murder attempts.
@EmilyJIrwin Oh and stabbing with sharp pencils, those were the days
@EmilyJIrwin Don't forget digging my nails into people's skin till they bled to get their attention
@EmilyJIrwin I used to greet people by attempting to strangle them
@EmilyJIrwin Emily I stabbed someone in the neck with a plastic fork and they started bleeding
@EmilyJIrwin You think YOU were a psychopath?
And they used "cissexism" instead of "transphobia". This is why google exists.
The article I have to write about for English just used the word "heterosexism". I. What. Hetero isn't even a gender.  Or a minority.
@hobobutt Also now I'm going to steal Kyra's phone. ANARCHY YEAH
@hobobutt I ship it
It's like I'm trapped in my phone. Amazing. 
What if I made this my phone background 
@LuScath Do you know if the tos merch is in kid sizes or normal ones?
So... No one died? No one died with something that involved Skulduggery Pleasant? I'm impressed and just a bit surprised. #TheatreOfShadows
Good luck to everyone participating in #TheatreOfShadows
Oh god both of my big fandoms have things happening today
I'm going to Red Robin and life is good
@DerekLandy ?
@artichokez Agreed.
@DerekLandy Oooh, I like the new profile picture. The letter thing seems suspicious.
Seriously though I really wanna be this shitty little demon triangle Bill Cipher for Halloween 
Didn't even get a superhero bandaid on either arm. I am disappointed.
-- out and I tried to politely remind her that I am a capable fifteen year old has zero qualms about blood and literally just did that.
And then she got someone else to do it, who was talking to me like I was a five year old, and she kept assuring me that I shouldn't freak --
I just had to get blood drawn and the lady put the needle in and went, "Oh. Oh, I just stabbed through your vein. Oh. I can't do this."
What if I was Bill from Gravity Falls for Halloween
You know I've stooped to a new low when I start actually checking Facebook.
Why is Muse so good
@hobobutt I AM FUNNY, THIS IS TRUE, THANK YOU FOR ACKNOWLEDGING TRUE STATEMENTS, FRIEND.
@hobobutt OBVIOUSLY I KNEW IT WAS THE SHOW URSULA
@hobobutt Why is the bodily hygiene of plants suddenly so popular in that last tweet?
@hobobutt Wash a plant
I misread "advocacy" as "avocado" in my history book and was suddenly very confused as to why Renaissance Italy was so concerned by them.
Is it bad to dread going to school this early in the year
@sassy_zoe Thanks, I'm really happy about it
@sassy_zoe To my mom
So, just came out as ace and panromantic. Woo.
@sassy_zoe Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if it did to someone.
@sassy_zoe I thought it said "pumpkin out my ovaries" and I'm not gonna lie, I was a bit confused.
Can I change my last name to Votolat-YOOOOOOOO
Just submitted my poem for English and realised the document was still saved as "pet peeve poem yo diddly dog"
Someone please buy me this 
@PortableShua Hey wanna come to a play at my school in November? There's snacks during intermission and everything
@EmilyJIrwin Will do
@AnnaKFaris Hey wanna come to a play at Edmonds Woodway in November
I should just invite famous people and see if they wanna come. Gotta ask early.
@BarackObama Pretty sure you wouldn't even have to pay admission because you're the president and all
@BarackObama Mr President would you like to attend a play at my school in late November
Should I invite Obama to my play in November
I had to write a poem for French and it's about dragons being cool
Ooh actually cool troll eyes 
I'm screaming
@aCoolHufflepuff THE ONE WHO WE SENT THE PICTURE TO WITH US AND THE PIZZA
ONE OF MY FAVOURITE ARTISTS REBLOGGED A COSPLAY PICTURE OF ME AND @aCoolHufflepuff
Yeah. It's SO ANNOYING that people think equal rights are cool.
I've showered twice since putting on grey skin paint but I'm convinced it's still here
@DerekLandy That's kind of the theme though.
I guess I cut my ankle earlier and forgot about it because there's a bunch of dried blood on there that I just noticed. Gross.
Tried making it look like I had yellow eyes 
I swear all of my teachers collaborate together to be sure I have way too much homework on the weekend
Vriska silhouettes  are cool. 
Yes. 
Vriska managed to find someone who wasn't completely terrified of her 
JOHNVRIS 
I'm still in grey face paint and stuff
We literally took almost 300 pictures in cosplay today
Same 
Nic Cage?
Nic Cage.
@aCoolHufflepuff 
Also might do a Vriska cosplay today so be prepared
I love when I paint my nails and they don't look like shit
Also she pointed at the mannequin and said, "That is a bangin' bitch."
That lady will forever hold a place in my heart
"See that giraffe? It has glasses. It's blind, so it can't tell if I'm ugly or cute."
Also she claimed to be married to a stuffed giraffe in a window and lectured us about how rings were stupid
Before she ran across the street she said, "If I don't come back in a few minutes, you'll see me in twelve hours when I get out on bail."
She started gagging a mannequin with a bikini top she had in her purse and said, "I'm gonna go rub baby oil over its arms"
I just met the craziest woman I've ever seen in my entire life
If you commission me money I'll draw an ugly snapchat of someone in detail so you can use it as a gift or blackmail for them
Friendly reminder that artistic ability gets better with practice. First picture is from April and second is now. 
This is the only good drawing of the Condesce I have 
I just really want to cosplay right now
Same, little frog dude. Same. 
I'm excited for when it's cold enough for me to wear it.
I got another black trench coat recently and it makes me look like a movie villain or detective or something and it's awesome.
Sometimes I laugh at something and then have to sit back and reflect on how much I sound like a cackling witch and it's a bit frightening.
If anyone is doubting the ability to do this, just remember that I have a ridiculous amount of resources to pull this off
To anyone who favourited that last tweet, I'm assuming you're going to go along with my twin. I have a separate voice and everything for it
I've decided that I'm going to have a day where I pretend that I'm my own twin sister and go by Isabella rather than Ivy who wants to help
@IzzFizzy Thanks!
As I was reminded by the two greatest people ever, @SparkyBraginski &amp; @ZathractMist , it's my three year Blogversary for meeting everyone.
@DerekLandy It's working for me!
I feel like half of the words I say at this point are just "I'm tired",
Now is the perfect time to buy Christmas presents for me because all the skeleton stuff is here
There needs to be italics for text messages.
Remember when I embraced my true skeleself @EmilyJIrwin 
Here's a dead Vriska looking for John in the dream bubbles I drew in about 30 minutes 
Oh also I need to redraw the dress with the extra skirt layer but here it is without it. 
@XconeyqueenX THANKS FRIEND
I drew some 50s style outfits for Terezi and Vriska 
@DerekLandy examples of said skelepuns: 
@DerekLandy Do you have any skeleton puns I could use as captions for weird skeleton pictures, by any chance?
What the hell was that thing
What was outside the door
Okay Doctor Who had a nice ending and all but wHAT THE FUCK WAS ON HIS BED
It worked
Someone was trying to summon me from the shadows of the uncomfortably brightly coloured frozen yogurt shop here 
Same 
I really want to make another fuckin cosplay already but I have no money
@aCoolHufflepuff Because it is your one true destiny.
@aCoolHufflepuff Good
I have to get a binder for Play Pro. This means I have an excuse for another skelebinder
Sometimes I forget how short I am because I always wear combat boots of some sort and then I take them off and just. Wow. I am short.
@hobobutt Well that's a relief, didn't wanna piss you off with casual murder attempts
Oh my god, I didn't know they sold Ghastly Bespoke costumes for Halloween @DerekLandy 
I actually don't have missing homework yet and you should all be proud
Play Pro is rad
@KresimirLozo ?
Play Pro is great
Sometimes my ability to despise literally everything amazes me
I now have an iPhone
Still excited though
I'm so excited for my Prospit Vriska dress and yet I haven't started it and am too broke to buy stuff for it
"Why is it 85 fuckin degrees in September?" 

- me
Show this video to Robin Thicke 
Amazing.
Someone on Tumblr asked me not to make such bad puns
@XconeyqueenX 
I changed my header photo or whatever it's called and it's beautiful
@Joyous_tune @DerekLandy Well, hey, I'm all up for it. Definitely.
Did I mention that I accidentally squeezed half a tube of Gogurt into my hair today? Because that's a thing that happened.
@DerekLandy Your cats are probably taking that as a challenge, Derek.
Man I really just do not wanna go to school again today
I'm amazed at how much I actually dread the idea of going to school. It isn't even as bad as it is the rest of the year yet. But I hate it.
The fact that I have to go to school again tomorrow and it wasn't just a one time thing is thoroughly distressing
I basically edited skeletons to make the greatest binder ever 
Google searching "skeletons posing" is bringing me more joy than I thought it would.
I'm riding to my first day of school so that means that I have a few minutes before my soul crushes and dies
SO CLOSE TO BEING DONE WITH THIS GODDAMN HOMEWORK FINALLY
@EmilyJIrwin Thank you, Emily, for volunteering so happily.
Hey who wants to help me with the homework
Firecracker popsicles are my favourite food
@EmilyJIrwin Just steal them from everyone else, that's what I do.
@DerekLandy Any way I could send you a copy of LSODM and/or TDOTL for a signed copy? Those two are pretty rad.
@XconeyqueenX WHY
*eats foods I'm allergic to but does it really quickly to pretend it won't affect me* *gets affected anyway*
I hope whoever invented summer homework has died
@FM_Deduction God Killer sword.
It's September. Someone stab me.
I want a shirt that says "There be dragons" on it because that needs to be a thing that I own
I need to sleep
I said kidding twice just now wtf
Just kidding, both of those statements are true, who am I kidding.
Why do I laugh on scary rides? Am I entertained by screaming? Am I actually a lunatic? The world will never know.
I also discovered that I cackle like a witch when I go on scary rides and practically start crying from laughing so hard
Is that a word? Upsetness? I doubt it. I need to sleep.
'Twas a very good way for me to put off more post-Skulduggery upsetness
Also I got really cool pictures on the ferris wheel
And I got a hella skull bracelet which looks very Skulduggery-like and I'm gonna wear it a lot because of that
I got to ride basically every scary ride and loved all of them
I went to Puyallup Fair today and I think it was the most fun I've had all summer
"@aCoolHufflepuff: @Valkyrie_V I love them a skeleTON" why
I love skeletons
If anyone was thinking I was dropping the Valkyrie Cain phase thing because the books are done, they are sadly mistaken.
Reflecting back on that, it probably isn't wise to have four cats.
It would be sweet if I wasn't semi allergic to my cats
My cat Clara knows I'm sulking and keeps trying to sit in front of my face to make me feel better
WHY DID ME AND MRS JONES JJUST HAVE TO START PLAYING I THOUGHT I WAS DONE BEING UPSET TODAY
Also I ate five tacos at dinner and then I lost it because post SP shock
I'm really entertained with myself right now
@sassy_zoe You could have a juice POUCH
@sassy_zoe Are you a kangaroo
@sassy_zoe Wait was he a kangaroo
@sassy_zoe So when's the wedding
I'm gonna cosplay future vision Valkyrie with the gaunlet and tattoo. Just you wait. It's gonna happen.
I just ran through the house screaming with my jacket pulled over my head, smashed into a doorway and fell, cackling. Concerning.
I'm pretty sure I'm in shock from Skulduggery Pleasant ending and it's making me act like a lunatic.

Seriously. We dare you. Do it. It’ll be fine. Promise.
I'm probably making this series ending sound all dramatic, but really, I'm probably just going to go curl into a corner and stare at a wall.
I didn't think I'd be this upset, but... I am. But I loved the last book and the entire series and that's what counts, I guess?
These books have been with me for a solid third of my life, and now they're done. It's really, truly upsetting.
I... I can't believe Skulduggery Pleasant is done. I can't believe it. Oh my god.
THINGS ARE HAPPENING
Very annoyed at this currently
@DerekLandy I hope you don't ACTUALLY see me like that.
@DerekLandy YOU ARE DOING THIS TO SPITE ME I KNOW IT
@DerekLandy wHAT AM I DOING OH MY GOD NO
Look it's like a real life Requiem Ball 
poop
Requiem Ball is at my house from 4 - 9 ish for anyone who might wanna go that I didn't already point out five hundred times
@FabzillaSnake @DerekLandy Thanks!
I woke up at four am because my computer started playing Spooky Scary Skeletons
My brother looks like Karkat Vantas and I am uncomfortable
Did I mention I was remaking my robot arm? 'Cause this is what it looked like this morning. 
@DauSketch @DerekLandy Thanks! And they're those really sweet cherries.
I was listening to music and was thinking about how all the songs playing were ones I liked and then I remembered it was my playlist.
@EmilyJIrwin -wear anything as long as it looks kinda nice; I do not care
@EmilyJIrwin I'm wearing my Valkyrie dress I wore on Halloween because I bought that for the sole purpose of the Requiem Ball, but you can -
I just realised that I should PROBABLY clean my room for the ball. That's probably important.
@DerekLandy I made a cake for my #RequiemBall tomorrow - I think you'd like it. 
@Maddy56330077 @XconeyqueenX @sassy_zoe @hobobutt @SignyJosang @EmilyJIrwin Rad
Holy shit I used a hashtag
I'm making a ton of cake for the ball tomorrow so be prepared #RequiemBall
@XconeyqueenX @sassy_zoe @hobobutt @Maddy56330077 @SignyJosang @EmilyJIrwin It's from 4-9 but you can stay how ever long you want
@SignyJosang hella
@XconeyqueenX @sassy_zoe @hobobutt @Maddy56330077 @SignyJosang @EmilyJIrwin Yo you guys coming to the ball tomorrow?
@LuScath @DerekLandy Elephants and bunnies. He probably has them hiding in a secret dungeon or something.
THE NEW LIVESTREAM IS GLITCHING
@DerekLandy those are some ominous candles behind you
@HarperCollinsCh @DerekLandy The whole website it down
Really loving this livestream that I CAN'T WATCH
@kerias_zafira @ninja_potatoes JUST COPY THE LINK
@kerias_zafira @ninja_potatoes pLEASE SEND ME A LINK
@DerekLandy The website is down for livestream, yo
@ninja_potatoes It's so frustrating
If we overthrow the government do you think they'll fix the Skulduggery website
Why is the sp website down
I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL TOMORROW I NEED TDOTL TODAY
"Impressed" meaning, of course, "Why the hell is this the case here".
I keep discovering more and more how impatient and irritable I am with every little thing and I'm almost impressed by it.
@Omnompotent @DerekLandy I meant the event pack on the website
Oh man I'm suddenly really really excited for the ball
Guys Derek put Let It Go on the Requiem Ball playlist. He is one of us.
@DerekLandy dID YOU PUT LET IT GO ON THERE
@DerekLandy The prize pack thing is great, and the playlist is rad.
School hadn't even started and its fucking me up
aHahaA my anxiety is giving me nightmares so I can't sleep and I literally want to stab something because I'm angry
@ConorBrumell No idea.
Now everyone thinks I'm a nice person and it's horrible
I tried to give a speech but then I started crying and got really pissed
@sassy_zoe @EmilyJIrwin If you haven't been mistaken for Rapunzel your hair isn't long
I may have just accidentally, uh, drank spiked lemonade. I hope not.
My phone is dying and then I wont have anything to prevent people talking to me HELP
I pity all the groomsmen wearing long sleeves for the wedding
@TARDIShatguy MILDLY CHILLY HYDRA
@TARDIShatguy CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF SHOWERS HYDRA
It's so hot out oh my god
@TARDIShatguy SNOW HYDRA
@sassy_zoe @EmilyJIrwin @Maddy56330077 We don't have anything together
