Crazy for Cables (but not the cable needle) If you avoid projects that avoid cables, give this tutor 
craftsman sink cabinet 
Blue Masked. LOVE IT! Totally doing it for next Halloween! Not as expensive as a costume and MUCH co 
Winnie the Pooh and Friends  The link to the patterns is 
The results of a new study published in the journal Stem Cell Research 
Galley Kitchen Design, Pictures, Remodel, Decor and Ideas - page 3 
Zeghani Halo Design Round Diamond Engagement Ring with Infinity Style Shank Diamond .39cttw (center  
Black peplum top and cute jeans with heels.i love everything about this! 
6 simple exercises to get you in shape now. 
Abstract Gold and Turquoise Painting. 
In Napa, there are ???events.??? In Sonoma, we party. 
???Each cup of tea represents an imaginary voyage.???  ~Catherine Douzel 
CrossFit Run It Work It WOD 
Mickey Mouse Club House Party Centerpieces by SBCDesign on Etsy, $21.00 
Fabulous figure: Jennifer Lopez flashed her sculpted abs as she got changed following a workout in W 
Strange Girl: Ahcahcum Muchacha: My Newest (not so new) Obsession 
Beautiful baby deer 
Chic Ink - Behind the Scenes - Glitter Champagne Bottles | Chic Ink 
best way to make same size perfect bows...good little tip if I want to add bows to a card 
Corn Rows Designs for Women | hair is cornrows. Referred to braids created on the scalp, cornrows .. 
handmade birthday card from Im in Haven ... Penny Black balloon died cut in bright colors with strin 
Art Party Paint Chip Napkin Holders. You find whatever color paint swatches you love, put two back t 
~ same sky, separate souls ~ 
Help your toddler hone her listening skills with these 5 fun games. 
This easy myofascial release exercise will give you relief! Now anyone can treat their own tight sho 
Sliding barn door 
In one school year... 
Southern Jewlz Online Store - Pontoon Dress 
CLEAR Personalized Tumbler Cup with Lid 
Sport For 
What Should Your ???Orange Is The New Black??? Prison Nickname Be? I got Golden Girl hehehe 
sugar or salt scrubs for shower gifts... i love this idea! diy and cheap. 
call of the wild,,,white wolf,,, If Eyes Could Talk **well, They DO** He Speaks Volumes - 
Disneys full of words of wisdom. I want to makes these into posters and hang at school. 
Chocolate Chip Cupcakes stuffed with cookie dough and topped with (Sweetened Condensed) Milk Icing 
4th Grade Common Core Standards Checklist!  Make sure your instruction includes all that is expected 
How To: Beachy Curls for Short Hair! love her hair 
This is how I feel about people who talk incessantly about how in love they are!  I want to send thi 
Office space 
Mallow, French Hollyhock 
Zebra print cake! 
Lovely 
Dreamy sheer neck wedding dress with stunning soft tulle skirt and sheer lace detailing 
. 
Possibly for my lost loved ones!! :/ 
Sea Salt Spray for Healthy Skin - used to tighten skin/prevent acne (can use for beach hair too!) 
Pedicure in a Jar |  18 DIY Mothers Day Gift Ideas for Kids to Make | Last Minute Mothers Day Gifts  
How to install butcher block countertops, including sealer information 
Simple Hip Hop Outfit 
The best Thai food blog out there!  Grilled Turmeric Chicken (????????????????????????????????????)  
Seashell pasta salad with basil, tomatoes, mozzerella,  and garlic. Super simple and delicious. 
Summer Murdock Photography Salt Lake City Photographer 
I am going to do this, hopefully my mismatched chairs will look put together like this. 
A tasty and easy appetizer, these ham roll ups are a disappearing act at every gathering. 
Crochet shawl cir-collar vest. This crochet short vest pattern has a nice mix match of old and new t 
DIY nightstand but do this where the bottom part fits our giant penny jar 
Candyland Birthday Party Centerpieces idea 
DIY 
Scrappy Strings Quilt blocks. Pretty! 
Thai chicken zucchini noodles in a creamy peanut sauce. 
American Chevron  on Etsy, $15.00 
Mociun Custom | Baguette and Princess cut White Diamonds and Turquoise Wedding Band 

angular 
Sangria Ingredients 1 small carton of raspberries 1 small carton of strawberries 1 lime 2 apples, gr 
Made From Felt, Hanging Roses 
{Leah V} Wedding Party Gifts | The Budget Savvy Bride 
Art Noir Night Lights 
That Boho Chick: Bedding colors and wood 
Newborn bunny 
IF YOU EVER HOPE HOPE TO START A JEWELRY BUSINESS 
Abercrombie and Fitch, created by kelsey-raye-kimble lalaloveee:) 
none 
pegboard tool organization ideas - Google Search 
The Best Cheap Makeup, best drugstore makeup, makeup under $10 
Printable Wedding Shower Invitation, Bridal Shower Invitation, Yellow, Gray on Etsy, $18.00 
??? perfect! - white top, skinny jeans, floppy hat (and the girl has a nice figure too, good motivat 
80740957967a16ba02b77d2793defdc0.jpg 314??501 pixels 
Coffee Smells Like Freshly Ground Heaven @Pascale Lemay Lemay Lemay De Groof 
Roxy Shady Beach Tank -omg I seriously need this! 
Blue and White porcelain in VERANDA. Interior Design by Mary McDonald. 
Mini doll house sized food made from junk mail 
Elijah Mikaelson off the originals such a yummy man lol 
simple wedding dress/cute picture idea (for da future:) 
Fashion your own portable utensils. | 23 Simple And Essential Hiking Hacks 
Victoria Ying...Visual Development artist for Walt Disney Animation (worked on Tangled, Paperman, an 
LOVE this -House of Turquoise: Turquoise Mexican Kitchen not exactly but very cool and good way to h 
This stuff works like a miracle! Miracle Salve Recipe for Hands, Face 
Rain Cloud Print - You Make Me Happy 11x14 Print - Nursery Art - Chalkboard Art - Chalk Art - Chalkb 
Write your troubles in the sand with sand by OldBarnRescueCompany, $42.00 
Color of the day 42 - Just4FunCrafts and DoveArt Studios 
Do It Yourself Project ::: Cadigan revamp with Faux pearls and rhinestones 
black gladiator sandals - spring fashion - summer fashion - 
Bruges | Belgium, BelgianGP 2014 
Fiestaware 
Get Argumentative 
Simple 5 Bedroom House Plans | HPC-2550-5 is a great houseplan featuring 5 bedrooms and 3 bath and . 
Spring Wedding Trends 2014: Give your guests confetti, sprinkles, or glitter.. to throw instead of r 
love this look 
How to pose!  Good to know. 
happy mother???s day! 
Neutral work wardrobe 
Fitness, Fit, Fitness Motivation, Fitness Quotes, Fitspiration, Fitness Inspiration! :) 
Basic Baby Booties 
I remembered these! 
Kentucky Butter Cake. Proudly Clogging Arteries Since 1963. I have used my Grandmothers recipe for p 
today two families are becoming one. Please pick a seat not a side. Sign wrapped with baby breath... 
Brides: A Vintage-Glam Wedding at The Chicory in New Orleans 
Her eyes though..... :) 
When you love and laugh abundantly you live a beautiful life. 
Plan W30019RT: Cottage, Corner Lot, Photo Gallery, Farmhouse, Country House Plans 
Diy Home decor ideas on a budget. : 5 MORE New Uses for Old Things in Home Decor 
rebel style, hair 
Elephant and Calf - Kaziranga National Park, Assam, India 
Tire climbing, this could put those old tires by my house to good use 
Make an exposed brick wall a place to showcase your favorite art pieces. This black and white collag 
Airplane Nursery Art - Chevron Navy Blue Orange Boy Room Aviation Flying - Boy Rules LOVE - Baby Boy 
Rustic Handmade Wedding Items Found On Etsy 
33 Dream Bedrooms for Kids - Circle of Moms - Pottery Barn Kids 
Outlet Cover / Map / Travel / Yellow / by MyOtherFootsLaughing, $6.50 
I do this all the time!!! 
Grow herbs in mason jars and other small space (or no space) gardening ideas. 
Apartment Decor DIY Roundup | Strategy in Stilettos may use for case to be placed in my foyer the ba 
Wagon wheel. Ive seen these at Garden Ridge. Maybe I could doe something like this near the fence or 
Vision Board sections map 
A beautiful black and white space via @aliblog 
32 Cinco de Mayo Food Recipes, Activities and Party Ideas 
Make Your Own Pill Bottle Survival Kit 
Workout Outfit Inspiration - @keltieelizabeth 
ALBERTA FERRETTI Spring 2014 
Baked Asparagus Fries - A healthy alternative to french fries baked to crisp perfection right in the 
flooring for living rm | cheap dark hardwood flooring for living room 
What we SHOULD have been taught in our senior year of high school - The Oatmeal 
Great DIY Garden Art Ideas! 
25-Plus Perfect Peach Recipes - A great collection of savory, sweet and beverage recipes all with pe 
Guerrilla Gardening Slingshot Seed Bomb Kit for by visualingual, $16.00 
Angel Oak - Oldest Tree East of the Mississippi - located in Johns Island, South Carolina, is believ 
Silver 
Spinach Frittata 8 large eggs 1/2 cup low fat Voskos Greek yogurt 1/4 teaspoon salt 1/4 teaspoon bla 
How to meet Megatron, Optimus Prime and Bumblebee at Universal Studios Orlando | KennythePirate Disn 
The tapered waistline of shirt and coat give that hourglass shape.  The V-neck of shirt adds to that 
Did you know that lots of moms get work from home jobs planning vacations for others from home? Ther 
Find Your True Love Pictures, Photos, and Images for Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, and Twitter 
Sketching Ideas for Beginners | Tutorial: Botanical drawing with pencil and watercolor 
Western Redbud - deciduous shrub or small tree, moderate growth to 10 to 18 feet, milti-stemmed grow 
Fingerprint Bee Mother???s Day Card (easy to adapt for: dad, volunteer, teacher, principal, etc.) 
Simple and cute girls strap dress / apron making tutorial....need someone to have a little girl 
Chevy Stingray 3LT Z51 with one hell of a performance package! 
15 DIY Entryway Bench Projects ??? Tons of Ideas and Tutorials! 
Guest book: Custom wood state cut out 
DIY Wedding Ideas: A Roundup of 20 Amazing Wedding Crafts 
Getting Started // How to Choose the Right Type of Wood for Your Projects | The Design Confidential 
Floral Embroidered Kimono - Kimonos - Tops  - Clothing 
DIY ???I Love You??? Pillowcase {a simple handmade gift} ~ a simple, but sweet gift for the daddy, m 
Alexandria, Egypt, lighthouse  sand sea,and this unusal lighthouse the waves around it makes it even 
May your anchor be tight, your cork be loose, your rum be spiced, and your compass be true. Words to 
more of the amazing gray cabinets and brass pulls. i actually love the white uppers here too, even t 
gel nail designs light pink and sparkles - Google Search 
Beach Pet Photo Session by Charlotte Reeves Photography | Pretty Fluffy 
Fathers Day Craft: Pen/Pencil Cup Holder.  Would be great when the girls are older, have alternating 
The door to the local Vamp Cafe closed behind me and I was finally able to push my sunglasses back u 
Sparkling Cherry Lemonade - The easiest, budget-friendly lemonade that you can make in just 15 min.  
??? Custom-BMW-K75-Moto-Sumisura-2 
Florida Georgia Line???s Brian Kelley and Tyler Hubbard photographed by Austin Hargrave on May 18th  
Adorable scripture cover tutorial. this would be fun to make for my little girls to hold their book  
Great Gatsby Wedding / Art Deco Wedding Inspiration / Style Unveiled / My Beloved Photography / Bash 
Elegant Deer Fencing Encloses a Vegetable Plot, Gardenista 
Chickadee no. 314 original bird and magnolia blossom oil painting by Moulton 6 x 6 inches on panel p 
7 Nature-Themed Nurseries You???ll Go Wild For | The Bump Blog ??? Pregnancy and Parenting News and  
GaiolaBridge (or as Italians call it - Isola della Gaiola)? According to the legend, it used to belo 
Empty nest black and white art photography by RightOnStrange, $4.00 
DIY Flip Flops Refashion: DIY Gap Flip Flops Makeover 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
Liz Martinez Bridal Collection - Milan 2015. My next wedding dress! 
Vegetable Garden Layout Plans - I like the border 
7 Ideas For a Child Who Thinks Books are Boring ?? Imagination Soup | Fun Learning and Play Activiti 
40 Fabulous Graduation Gift Ideas 
fun groomsmen poses --- I like the football and the bottom 2 
Love the striped accent wall, especially for baby or play room 
Mom Birthday Gift Personalized CHRISTMAS from Child for Mother Grandma Parents To Me You Are The Wor 
Ronda Rousey, Quotes, MMA, UFC, Fitness, Gym Motivation, Inspiration, Courage, Quotes, 
She tells you where she gets all of her clothes and its actually at places you can afford! 
How to Prune your Pepper Plants for HUGE YIELDS 
Rocky Road Brownies via @poet in the pantry - These look luscious 
Clever ideas for a backyard wedding on a shoestring. 
Yakult Soju Sprite Mix - How to: 2 bottles Yakult, 1/2 cup Korean Soju, 1 cup Sprite, 1-2 cups ice,  
silver-spray-paint-mason-jar-vase-for-wedding 
blue ombre wall blending 
Earrings made of Hama Mini Beads - Geek IT (various colors) - super cute idea. gotta love ye olde fl 
Bacon, FRANK???S?? RedHot?? and Philadelphia Cream Cheese? Get ready to be named tailgate MVP with t 
Style House February- Ella Claire Love the idea, inspirational messages as you head out! 
camp classroom | Camping Classroom Theme / Forest Animal Privilege Coupons 
by Ken Gehring - Animals Horses ( reflection, ken gehring photography, arkansas photographer, horse, 
Marilyn Monroe Gangster | ... at 1 21pm tagged marilyn monroe beauty swag tattoos gangster notes 36 
Building a Ladybug House is easy, and combines my gardening and woodworking hobbies into a fun proje 
Pineapple iPhone Case 
I think you could fill this in as gifts are opened and make a fun mad lib! 
Great pages to practice cutting and tracing skills! 
Use escort cards that double as favors, like these mini champagne bottles. 
from house to home: Rainbow Birthday Party 
Reservoir Dogs 
Silhouettes 
easy non-alcoholic sangria..classy and perfect for a summer dinner party! 
VANILLA DATE SMOOTHIE...Vanilla, dates, frozen banana and almond milk...enough said! ??? 
Listen to a person when they look at you, not just when they talk to you. 
Sweet Shoppe Designs??::??Digital Scrap Kits??::??Are We There Yet by Melissa Bennett  Studio Flergs 
Making mosaic garden art 

Which Supernatural Character are you? I got Sam! I got Dean Omgomgomgomgomgomg!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Man, I wish I had thought of this back when I had my mine pierced. With this one, I would have had t 
Crown Royal bottle painted and sanded. Probably a lot of liquor bottles that this would work with. H 
Inexpensive Delicious Dinners ~ easy recipes to feed a family on a dime! 
OK - this would be cool! I could paint a tree on your wall and then we could put nails in places whe 
0 
Chocolate Casino Chips!  Perfect favor for your Vegas themed wedding! 
What a dainty sheer blouse!  It looks like something straight out of the Edwardian era. 
Baby acne cure! I will be trying this when we have kids. No need to subject them to acne do early in 
// 
Italian Sausage Tortellini Soup. The aroma alone will send your senses into a hunger-wrought frenzy. 
Burlap Wedding Place Cards  Burlap Name Tags  by SpoolsAndBobbins, $38.00 
Bright Green Door Blog: 1/2 Minute to Win It 30th Birthday Party 
5 Best Ab Workouts to Lose Your Belly Fat Fast- This fat scorching plan was designed specifically to 
Cats in Boxes: How To Catch A Cat @Liz Mester Mester Mester Mester Grimler 
Lots of advice on camping with kids.  4 parts in reverse order because it was searched within the bl 
Cucumber Tomato Salad 2 large cucumbers, diced 2 large tomatoes, diced 1 cup apple cider vinegar 1 c 
Tutorial how to sew inset or partial seams in quilts - on Diary of a Quilter.  This is how I would d 
would love to see a million of these...different sizes 
Finally Married! My beautiful wedding ring...complete!! :  wedding 179970 10100329209328804 15482886 
This would be cute as a pedicure, design on the big toe though... 
New Disney Tattoo. Old skool castle. I have the fireworks on another Disney tattoo of mine. So cute! 
makeup for brown eyes - Google Search 
audrey hepburn in how to steal a million (1966). givenchy   cartier diamond earrings. 
renovating old camper from start to finish | Camper Renovation ??? And Then This Happened 
Raised Veggie Garden Designs Two of these to form anchors for a U-shaped raised garden on my propert 
like the mix of old and new, tin roof, wouldnt do the swing tho, just giant cushy bench 
0 
oh my gosh. princess birthday party, and the daddy dressed up as the prince. i melt. 
24 ounces of water 1/2 cup hydrogen peroxide 1/2 cup rubbing alcohol 2 tsp dishwashing liquid (origi 
Upside Down House. Niagra falls canada. 4967 Clifton hills 
Individual Frozen Key Lime Pies, no bake, easy, tart and sweet like the perfect key lime pie! 
Best Short Bob Haircuts for Women: Side View Ready...Set...Go!  So ready to cut my hair.  This is th 
Niall Horan and fan baby | Community Post: 5SOS And One Direction With Babies 
Ichabod ist ein Steampunk-Ledermaske, hergestellt nach dem Vorbild der meine Dr. Beulenpest Maske, n 
Patio under deck with separate firepit patio. traditional patio 
And the winner is!.......Peanut Butter Pie Shooters - Pinch of Yum 
les mis memes tumblr - Google Search 
sew in hairstyles for black women | Weave Sew In Hairstyles 
Deck and hot tub - Most hot tubs are equipped with a cover that has an articulating arm to lift it 
Cereal Box Notebooks- We could make these for them to sell at the Habitat for Humanity Restore. 
How to build a retaining wall around a tree... 
Now you can carry your micro brews to parties in style with this handy 6 pack holder complete with b 
Spinach Mushroom 
2015 New Short Hair Styles ??? Latest Bob HairStyles 
Unique Black Short Prom Dress 
Obsessed with Bombas Socks! They are the best made socks on the planet and every time you buy a pair 
Baby girl baseball onesie/ ruffled by darlingdivacreations on Etsy 
Cool.     The Radisson Blu Hotel in Berlin has a 1 million-litre aquarium tank that features a glass 
15 of the 20 points on one of my favorite OMD lists :) Click on it for the rest of the list. Philip, 
WOWEE! I would love to do this for a kids party :-) How effective 
Rueben spirals:1/2 package of frozen puff pastry, thawed 1/4 cup dijon mustard 3/4 cup shredded swis 
Learn how to grow healthy and beautiful African Violets! 
most obstacles melt away when we make up our minds to walk boldly through them. 
fancy | black and white fashion | fall street style | Song of Style | Black and White splatter skirt 
Great organization for a sliding door closet 
The Beauty of Dark Chocolate Jet Black Women 
Robert Downey Jr. (Iron Man // Sherlock) now he is on hunk of a man whooo!!!!!!!!! 
DIY Showoff shares some valuable tips on how to refinish hardwood floors 
Disney Alice In Wonderland Silhouette Tights these are amazing I want them and every Disney theme ti 
I love Art Nouveau. Alphonse Mucha Art Nouveau Two Ladies Colorful by BreatheDecor, $3.50 
Love this A-frame. Reminds me of a Little People house I had. Far Meadow, Sierra National Forest, CA 
Design graphique hyperosmique (
HOLY HERA! THEY FOUND ME! NICO DI ANGELO HERE I COME! PERCY JACKSON MEET YOUR NEW SISTER! 
Firefighter House Rules, Firefighter Decor, Distressed Wall Decor, Custom Wood Sign, Firefighter - I 
Canning 101:  Simple Grape Jelly (my grandma used to make this, MUST DO!) 
Ashley Tisdale  love her rainy day look!!  leather jacket in brown  grey shirt   nude scarf  blue je 
How cool. I need to find one of these. I bet you can save a lot of money by making your own faux pav 
People sometimes think I am a bitch.. or they think of me as two faced. But if they knew my past and 
Dark Chocolate dipped appel wedges with finely chopped nuts (your choice, walnuts, almonds, pecans) 
This was the rock candy thing I was talking about. Sprite and rock candy! Looks cute! 
Deer head wooden sign buck art large deer sign by Barnettbuilding, $35.00 
5 chicken breasts (cooked 
I would love to have one of these T1 VW vans they have started selling in the Netherlands. The Faceb 
Slow Cooker Artichokes.  I never would have thought to cook them in the crockpot - brilliant! Love t 
The best peanut butter cookies! Delicious brownie-like texture: chewy and soft at the same time! Can 
an organized teen room for a girl, or a guest bedroom... 
LEGO Leaning Tower of Pisa 
Grey hair...interesting. 
Curtain rod to create headboard. pretty option! I have a beautiful head board but this would be a gr 
Lemon Blueberry Bread 
DIY Impossible Light Bulb, Plus 6 More Ways to Repurpose Burned Out Bulbs ?? MacGyverisms 
Fruit Hedgehog. Because we all have so much time to do this kind of thing. :) 
Recycled Wine Bottle Lamp with Map World Travel by EcoArtbyNancy, $35.00 @Sarah Chintomby Chintomby  
Check out this item in my Etsy shop 
she a rebel child and a preachers daught she was.... 
DIY upholstered headboard. Love the shape of this one. lots of ideas for the headboards but damn i a 
What a cute idea - back of an old ladderback chair hung on wall to hang towels, pictures, signs, etc 
DECADENT Vegan NO CARB Summer Pasta with Zucchini Noodles, Avocado, Asparagus 
Amelia Sposa 2014 Wedding Dresses - Belle the Magazine . The Wedding Blog For The Sophisticated Brid 
Preschool Assessment 
Link baby onesie legend of zelda inspired by PurpleTentacleShop, $35.00 
Little Desktop Of Horrors...  Kit lets you grow a garden of carnivorous plants  Seeds from over 10 v 
This looks awesome! Like a mini ecosystem! 
Love the print of the skirt 
The gathering at the neckline is stunning!  |  Maggy London Illusion Yoke Crepe Sheath Dress 
fox- so awesome! I really need to expand my style to include some pieces that are like this 
River Phoenix (August 23, 1970 ??? October 31, 1993) played a younger version of Indiana Jones in th 
unique Senior Pictures Ideas For Girls | Senior pictures ideas  Oh wow this is my college roommate,  
Rhinestoned Chevron Letter Dorm ideas. Another upside to living at ASU-Hobby Lobby is a 3 minute dri 
rustic garden baby shower 
Image detail for -Baby Shower Game Prize Ideas ??? Child Shower Game ??? Make The Party ... 
failed pinterest replications.  purely awesome, huh @Kate Mazur Weaver ? 
Capital City Moscow Tower, Russia by NBBJ Architecture :: 76 floors, height 302m 
Big gold bangles stacked 
perfect after workout snack: peanut butter banana smoothie 
2014 Clever Storage Solutions for Small Bedrooms 
Custom Glitter Cheer Friends Make the Best by GirlieGirlCouture 
2.06 CT PRINCESS CUT MAN MADE DIAMOND ENGAGEMENT RING 14K SOLID white or yellow GOLD 
Great way to recycle too-small or out-of-style jeans into a fun gift bag for wine. 

various cryptids 
extremely cute teen outfits - Google Search 
Greek Mythology Athena Owl 
The best kept secret to get rid of acne and acne scars. It really works! Trust me... | 100% GIRLS 
Pineapple Coconut Ice Cream recipe aka Pina Coloda Ice Cream by Lacey Baier, a sweet pea chef...this 
fall wedding colors 2014 - Google Search  I like the plum and berries palate for your living room de 
minnesota poster***Research for possible future project. 
comic book paper airplane mobile - if I had a boy I would make these 
The Life Notebook by KellyBangsCreative on Etsy 
Loaded Baked Potato And Chicken Casserole. 
great DIY ideas...need to make this one asap for some grandmas i know = ) 
Travel journal cover. Moleskine cover. by JustWanderlustShop, $136.00 I WANT THIS!!! 
SU Midnight Muse, Crumb Cake, Baja Breeze.  SU Summer Silhouettes 
Ladder as a headboard canopy. [Driven By D??cor: 25 Unique Ways to Decorate with Vintage Ladders] 
Notting Hill, London. 
Great for review!! math assessments for common core math standards- includes one page assessment for 
loom band phone case for iPhone 
Cute button ideas .. cards, scrapbook, stockings : -) 
Bucket list: go a live taping and be part of a TV show audience...Live with Kelly and Michael or Sat 
March Birthstone- Wylee work birthstone into dream catcher tattoo 
Tooled Leather Boho Cuff Green Turquoise Stone Tooled by karenkell 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
15 ways to wear a scarf... now if only i could figure out how to tie them... that would be AWESOME! 
Door organization. One pinner says: I have one of these on every closet door in my house including m 
Shovel the Snow. They had put the pile of the snowballs (minimarshmellows) into the cup using a stra 
It actually happened LONG before today, but this is still a cool post  :) 
Darling Darleen: Tween Girl Pink   Coral Bedroom 
diy planters containers | Planter boxes with bench by Padheyz 
miley cyrus outfits 2012 tumblr | Fashion ?? Miley Cyrus: casual outfit hit or miss? 
Fun Psychology facts here, smiling is the first thing you should put on and the last thing to take o 
Beautiful outdoor backyard area for relaxing and enjoying good friends 
Handmade and stamped pillows perfect for the holidays. Charming as always by yourhomebasedmom! 
Makes me laugh! Thanks Suzy :) 
Setting up your Writing Center 
Paula Deen Mississippi Mud Cake 
The Fast Metabolism Diet: Homemade Beef Jerky: The Fast Metabolism Diet Phase 2 
mscenters [licensed for non-commercial use only] / FrontPage 
funny dad quotes from daughter - Google Search 
beach family photos, family photo shoot, on the beach, beach session, at the ocean, brother and sist 
Find 
39 People With Watercolor Paintings Tattooed To Their Bodies 
AP Gene Corset from Esty Lingerie Blog- beautiful!!! No, exquisite !! Loving the plum 
Mare and foal 
DIY Valentine???s Day Card ?? Little Inspiration 
5 tips for DIY family photos including what to wear, camera settings, pose ideas, location ideas, et 
tiled shower with stone pebble floor, glass doors and shower seats in bathroom remodel in Virginia 
Tomboy Cake -Chocolate raspbery buttercream cake.  Makes: one 6-inch layer cake 
SSSSStache T-Shirt Inspired by Creepers from Mine Craft Game Green | JustAnAwesomeMom - Clothing on  
only in my dreams i suppose, love the natural patio stone, love the folding producer chairs, and of  
Emerson Quote - That One Person Breathed Easier Because You Have Lived ... I love that line! - this  
Alone-Time.jpg Photo by SkyWolfZack | Photobucket 
Pics and video tutorial for a brown smokey eye day-to-night look. | best stuff 
Womens Clothing Online, Comfortable Work Clothes, Clothing For Women - Soft Surroundings 
Love  the hair cut!                                                               The Small Things B 
??? Aged with beauty Abandoned Old architectureTree Arch, St John???s Church, Chester, England 
Delta Zeta Creed Canvas by PaintedPrepp on Etsy 
Sara and Lily only 
Blue Highlighted Long Black Wavy Hairstyle 
How cute is this!! My Hero wears Scrubs I call her Mommy / him Daddy Aunt Shirt or Onesy in Pink, Si 
Crystelle Boutique - Simple card with burlap heart 
Black Ikea bookshelves painted gold 
Disney Pins Set 7 Princess Hinged Windows Doors Ariel Belle Aurora Jasmine Tink | eBay 
Easy Marshmallow Fondant - yes, YOU can do it! | How Does She... 
Crochet hair clips sweet! 
These are COOL. Hogwarts house pens. 
English Cottage Decorating | Hydrangea Hill Cottage: English Country Decorating 
???????????? ?????????????? ???? ???????????? ?? ?????????? / Beaded Bracelet Tutorial 
wedding reception centerpieces using greenery and candles | An Affordable 
6 Tips for Healthy Natural Hair Growth (Part Three!) 
Miso sweet potato and broccoli bowl (veganize: substitute honey with vegan sweetener) 
15 words you cannot translate into English. I think some of these could make for food word writing p 

Final Frame: The Photography Cheat Sheet | Apartment Therapy 
LOVE shelf  DIY    this would be an AMAZING wedding present...or a good thing for a couple to do as  
brown 
Neutral eye makeup idea for DIY savvy brides  that you can make as subtle or smoky as you like. 
Authentic Mexican Fajita Seasoning Recipe at MyDish 
Young Living Essential Oils: Cinnamon 
Colorful boat in Parga, Greece | 25 Gorgeous Pictures Of Greece That Will Take Your Breath Away 
Ty Beanie Boos Bubbly the Owl | Claire%u2019s %u2013 I have this owl in the normal colors and it is  
Stuffed Pepper Stoup - Rachael Ray 
Polymer Clay Fish Earrings. Miss Pelpa. 
totally cute for a space theme unit! make a moon table for students to sit at as well 
Burgundy-Long-Sleeve-Maternity-Maxi-Dress 
Jennifer Garner: The 42-year-old??looked radiant in a cream blazer over a white top and accessorized 
HUMAN - Gay Rights T-Shirt (S,M,L,XL) 
Recipe: Parmesan spinach cakes 
30 Day Drawing Challenge would be great for an early finisher activity 
Clear Crystal Necklace Ice Clear AB Swarovski by DorotaJewelry, $36.00 

Baby boots DIY! I want to make these adorable boots! Every girl has to have a great pair of boots, r 
Honey Porter Glazed Chicken Skewers (grill or oven method listed) via @TheBeeroness 
Princess Celestia costume cosplay  wig - blue purple pink wig / my little pony / unicorn / friendshi 
Nike-Roshe-Run-Womens-Atomic-Pink-Cool-Grey-Neutral-Grey-511882-604 
Deck-orating! - The Everyday Home  Love this!  We have a bunch of colored glass olive oil bottles fr 
Smartphone attachable lens-style camera - Gift Ideas for Teen Girls 
Peanut Butter Texas Sheet Cake Recipe made it for the first time July 4th 2014 also made it a batch  
very nice 
Check out the new poster for animation movie The Croods 
woven burlap table runner. This would be good for the tables during rennaisance faire 
Tattoo Design Black and Grey Traditional Cherries 
Vintage Arts 
Creating Nature Scenes on the light table 
Shabby Chic Living Room 
love this! could do a lot with different colors or patterned paper---Woven Heart Card (via Minie Co) 
2nd grade math worksheets slide show - Worksheets and Activities - Repeated addition | GreatSchools 
Garlic-Balsamic Grilled Butternut from The Clothes Make the Girl 
Custom R1 Yamaha- If I knew how to drive a motorcycle I would totally drive this! 
The symetry works because the proportions are near perfect.  Wow    Michael Pettes Architect Inc.- O 
Hot-Cool-League-of-Legends-LOL-Colorful-Theme-Fashion-Bracelets-Hand-catenary 
Laundry room organization...and when I have a laundry room someday I will do this. Bin for each pers 
I think painting this quote on a canvas to hang in a kitchen would be cute and easy 
body wave perm before and after | Before and after beach wave perm 
Janus Dress - a pretty dress for the bustier ladies... 
In place of/in addition to a guestbook, have your guests highlight their favorite verse in a new Bib 
green things | via melissa austin 
Let your child wake up to pictures hanging from the ends of balloons to highlight special times over 
What Does Your Birth Date Mean?- Born on the 20th Wow this is scary accurate. XD 
Zodiac Pisces facts. For much more on the zodiac signs, click here. 
DIY Sample Essential Oil case 
always poke it with a stick Doctor 
20 Long Wedding Hairstyles 2013 | Confetti Daydreams 
0 
Frozen Inspired Elsa Bedroom Door Decor Kit - Perfect for your little princess! 
Brownie cookies. Get your brownie mix and add 1/3 cup oil, 1 egg and 2 TBS of water. Mix together to 
Tequila, Coconut Rum, Margarita Mix, Ice...OMMMG YUM 
Easiest Weeknight Dinner Ever! Chicken 
Dipped in Galaxy Stars iPhone 6 Case by Organic Saturation | Casetify. Get $10 off using code: 53ZPE 
Hello, Summer! Come right on in. Easy Stamped DIY Watermelon Doormat with full directions on site! 
Roses and tattoo location. want! 
Laura Murray Photography 
2014 Cheap Prom Dresses Long Formal Evening Party Bridesmaid Ball Gown Under 100 
Chocolate Chip Zucchini Muffins Recipe! Perfect if you have an abundance of Zucchini coming out of y 
Seed-Bead-Circle-Bracelets 
Vintage truck photos 
pile of wrinkles 
one suitcase: beach vacation/summer wardrobe: 16 pieces, 40 outfits 
Use Your Pantry To Create Your Own Makeup (Infographic) 
Cut 41 squares from your various prints. Arrange by color value. Darkest, Mid, Light Colors. As you  
RHS Prom Portraits { Rifle, CO Portrait Photographer } | Rifle, CO Photographer: Ashley Mickelson Ph 
Step by step contouring! So want to try! So pretty!! 
Wow, such a beautiful home!  I love the floorplan and the huge windows. 
Luna Keychain by *suikuzu on deviantART Wittle Wuna Luna Princess Luna {heart breaks because spoiler 
updo for short hair 
alcohol ink coasters...gorgeous 
Barn on a rainey day. I would love to take a nap on a pile of hay listening to rain on that tin roof 
Unique Alamo Fire Texas Bluebonnet 
I really like some of these designs, especially the one I have highlighted! 
Definitely wanna try this for my candle obsession 
inspired outfit for a summer lunch by whathayleywore featuring flat shoes 
Laila makes any bedroom fun and inviting. The comforter features a fresh solid teal color with a gra 
How to keep a hibiscus happy in a pot 
Covered Bridges of Somerset County, Pennsylvania  -  Travel Photos by Galen R Frysinger, Sheboygan,  
Music Quote Wall Art Cello Print  Victor Hugo by MusicArtandMore, $18.00 
ninja turtle invite pizza time - Google Search 
baby apps - my friends used to make fun of me for writing this all down on notepads!  So much has ch 
Mexican Sugar Skull Painting by Renee Keith | The Day Of The Dead In 17 Artistic Images 
Easy Glow In The Dark Day of The Dead DIY Lanterns, Dia de los Muertos, Halloween, crafts 
22 Fantastic Tutorials, Recipes 
Ladies, stop leaving your nice guy friends in the friend zone. 
bossy R word sort 
Lauren Conrad | Space Case: 5 Tips for Decorating Your Dorm 
A People Snowflake - Great idea for family Christmas card or friends Christmas memory. Need from 6-8 
cascading fruit displays | Arrange large leatherleaf ferns on tall, ???back??? side of the ... 
Ohio State headband for our future girls (only when Daddy is around will they wear this.... GT all t 
INSANELY cute party favors - travel, global, international, planes, destination.... 
The man bouquet! It includes various bottles of alcohol, cigars, jerky, duck tape, scratch-offs ect. 
Chronicle - Dandelion Wishes Journal 
Spinach Dip 
Baked Chicken Parmesan Step By Step , Make sure u save enough marinara for the pasta! and a lil garl 
Bathroom , Elegant Rustic Bathroom Vanities : Farmhouse Rustic Bathroom Vanities With White Mirror A 
Wow.... beauty and the beast.  This would keep you safe on a night out!! 
Chewy, sweet coconut heaven! These delightful coconut candies are must-have dessert for your Cinco d 
This would be a pretty and inexpensive to make table centerpieces -- spray-painted bottles and paper 
Boots by Medieval Moccasins.... Holy Fairy Dust these are some sexy kicks!!! 
Hair Inspiration: The Long Bob. I doubt i will ever cut my hair this short but super cute. 
Because the World can Get Dark 
Coconut Flour Bread Recipe - Makes Perfect Sandwich Bread try sub banana/plantain for eggs for aip 
Artemis (Roman Diana) crowned with the crescent moon, wearing a quiver, and wielding a bow. Note: th 
- Love Sparkle Pretty Blog -: A Minnie Mouse FIRST Birthday Party! 
Psicolog??a del color para el dise??o de logos. Infograf??a con un buen resumen. 
Can???t. Handle. It. | 14 Hilarious GIFs That Prove Water Is Endlessly Entertaining 
Best Short Haircuts for Women 2013 
Great design and instructions of this snack stand. Can be used for movie night, circus party, or eve 
Beautify your patio and be eco-friendly at the same time. Envirotile products divert over 2.5 Millio 
Halloween - Brundage 
US Navy Love Car Phone Laptop Tablet Decal Sticker 
44 Dainty and Feminine Tattoos | small paper airplane 
Spicy Grilled Tuna Steaks - 4 ingredient rub, I usually bake. 
Native toes nail art DIY from Goldfish Kiss. I have these colors! Going to give it a whirl. 
Ashcroft- Colorado Ghost Town - I am going to CO on vacation this Sat (062312) - any info on great g 
finger foods for parties | Dollor store bowls were filled with tortilla and pita chips, white a ... 
Yes, I watch this w/ my girls. :)  And yes, Dez cracks me up. :) 
Ideas for a perfect mud room!  Hose down area, potting sink, sports lockers, laundry chute or laundr 
Journey Mercies: How to Pack for a Month in a Carry-on 
Fruit Infused Water Recipes for Summer 
3-Ingredient S???mores Cookie Bites. For parties, snacking, or even just a fun project with the kids 
32 Amazing and Easy Hairstyles Tutorials for Hot Summer Days 
Six things every woman should do alone at least one to learn self reliance. 
Blonde hair with brown lowlights, bangs pulld back and pinned with bobby pins 
OPI: Congeniality is My Middle Name 
waterfall braid tutorial video | lovely long hair with braid wrapped around - Hairstyles and Beauty  
PRODUCT INFORMATION Retro padded top and high-waist bottom swimsuit. Looking for more varieties of t 
Skip Beat! | Skip Beat! - Skip Beat Photo (32446010) - Fanpop fanclubs 
Insta-Bling from Guess the Celebrity Engagement Ring | E! Online 
50 Genius Storage Ideas (all very cheap and easy!) Great for organizing and small houses. 
It???s NOT wood. It???s plastic coated fabric, from IKEA??? 
Italian Wonderpot - This pasta is incredibly easy to make and inexpensive. No draining necessary! Sw 
Baby otters ????????? 
Cosmo and Wanda | 30 Unconventional Two-Person Halloween Costumes 
Crochet Floor Pouf Pattern - plarn and stuff it with plastiche it for outside extra seating at parti 
Cute idea for the front window for fourth of July 
26 Funniest Things Tumblr Has Ever Said About Harry Potter | SMOSH 
what to pack: Europe in a carry on! 
Valentine???s Love Notes 
C l a s s y in the city 
Baby Buggy by Laurie Thompson - Cards and Paper Crafts at Splitcoaststampers 
TUTORIAL and VIDEO: How to Paint an Old Brick Fireplace 
stock-photo-dark-wood-front-door-of-a-home-view-of-a-rustic-front-door-on-a-light-gray-home-during-t 
Alice in Wonderland Paper Straw by CreativeJuiceCafe on Etsy 
Caramelized Onion Tart - I have been wanting to make one of these for a long time now. Love the way  
Had these tonight. Yum!! Pepperoni String Cheese Roll Ups 
(19) Hometalk :: Tips on growing lilies 
Bits of Taste | Every bits of food and taste!: Mushipan - Steamed Cup bread/cake 
How to Make a Hand-Painted Burlap Table Runner : Page 02 : Decorating : Home 
Dog Couch!! OMG this will be great for bella so she dosent sleep on our couch 
Nice dorm room! 
White Blazer and Jeans 
Captain America Bridesmaid | When Geeks Wed omg wouldnt the avengers be cool bridesmaids and groomsm 
Tiny house from Home Depot... ok so it starts out as a garage but it could sure make a fine starting 
FROG DOORBELL COVER | Frogs, Toad, Door, Bells, Chime, Doorbells, Covers, Home, Porch, Bronze, Decor 
Memorial Day Party Prep and 4th of July red white and blue! 
Asian chicken wings w/ lime, ginger 
iPhone 4/ 4s and 5 Case - Chevron Glitter Mint iPhone 4 5 Cover - Geometric iPhone Hard Case-Pretty  
short hairstyles | Feminine and Sexy Very Short Modern Hairstyles - Beautiful Hairstyles 
army green CALL OF DUTY pants from JUNKER DESIGNS.  Made from vintage army canvas material pieced to 
A funny kitchen saying machine embroidery design. 
Pallet Project 
Third Grade Math Projects - Fraction Kites 
Coffee can snowmans hat by RidgeRdCreations on Etsy, $15.00 
Lace Crochet Socks 
Coconut Mango Green Smoothie // This green smoothie is the perfect balance of creamy coconut and tro 
Tidbits from the Tremaynes: The World is a Playground, 
dinosaur party hats - i think i need to throw someone a party b/c these are way cute! 
A Hasselback Potato are basically a potato that is sliced thinly and baked until the outside edges g 
Crib mobile / Baby mobile - Nursery decoration - Superheroes: Batman, Superman, Flash,Captain Americ 
Accidentally get some paint on your clothes? Try this tip to get it out. 
Soft hooded double deck overcoat 
Reversible Burlap Cross Door Hanger 
Wearable Words (I will have to use newspaper, could never destroy a book to make it!) 
My DIY Makeup Vanity- this would be great in the corner of my bedroom!!! 
Southern living bedrooms  | Southern Living Idea House ??? The Kitchen and Laundry Room | Home ... 
Custom made Steampunk Robot Arm gauntlet by SkinzNhydez on Etsy, $1600.00 
Herringbone Tile Floors - travertine from The Tile Shop: Bucak Light Walnut 2 x 8 in at $9.99/ft2 
This is what I always wanted: A large sliding glass door that opens the inside to the outside 
Toms Perfect for a wedding or other summer 
Aaron Johnson 
Roundup: 10 DIY Laundry Room and Mudroom Organization Projects 
Lots of paint tips 
How to Set a Buffet Table | Tips for Self Catering 
21 Bobby Pin Hairstyles You Can Do In Minutes 
Roasted Parmesan Sweet Potatoes. Could also roast sweet potatoes with a little balsamic vinegar and  
love this - nik what do you think, too hippy? would dan hate it? 
13 Girly Bedroom Decor Ideas {The Weekly Round Up} - Titicrafty by Camila 
Hand Printed Fabric Design | Dasara by Pintura Studio 
inspirational tattoos | Tattoo Inspiration - Worlds Best Tattoos : Tattoos : Michele Turco ... 
16 x 20 Winnie the Pooh Feel Love Painting Nursery Wall Art Canvas Quote Typography 
See which baby shower guest knows mom-to-be the best, change to cowboy theme or baseball theme. 
This is an eye-catching picture.... The character is in the falling snow, wearing a frilly white apr 
Lego Birthday Party (Table Runner from bubble wrap and green spray paint) 
Chocolate Cupcakes with Creamy Nutella Frosting - this frosting is AMAZING.  Creamy, fluffy, and tas 
Baby Shower Ideas On a Budget | ... the wipes were and a small bottle of hand sanitizer what a great 
DIY Red and Tiffany Blue Korean Wedding in Maryland | Washington DC Weddings, Maryand Weddings, Virg 
Three Cheese Crock Pot Macaroni and Cheese.  So rich, so creamy, and so extremely cheesy!  Just thro 
Quick and Easy Green Chile Chicken Enchilada Casserole 
On the Trail of Harry Potter: real life places that inspired the books 
how to paint frames, trim, walls, cabinets, etc. great tips 
catholic humor 
beach, photography, sun, sunglasses need to do this at senior trip in bali :D 
Junior Girls clothing, kids clothes, kids clothing | Forever 21 
Egg Jellyfish 
Daenerys looks contemplative as she walks down the steps of a pyramid in Meereen (Game of Thrones) 
obsessed!!   Greek Goddess Rave Bra. Size 36C    Original by ElectronicCouture, $35.00 
Usually i watch t.v. by myself in a dark room eat and try to get caught up with hw you missed becaus 
How to make a Panda with construction paper and a wet cotton swab by Cindy deRosier: My Creative Lif 
Yes, I realize this was probably meant for a preteen or teen, but I would SO love this room.  I just 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
RACHEL PALLY Kasil Dress in Cream - Dresses 
Lime green and turquoise baby shower. Party. Turtle Theme. The Curvy Curator 
Zurich Zoo: More Space For The Big Ones. 
Crystal Beading on Soft Net by Voyage by Mori Lee 
maternity photoshoot - ideas - poses -   wendy binns photographer - Smyrna TN 
Wedding hair.    I  love this i hope my hair is this long for my wedding. 
White/rose gold eternity band...love! Perfect wedding band to go with a simple one stone engagement  
What a fun way to celebrate high school! a girlfriends photo shoot. // Libby Barker Photography // M 
Fine Hair Style Short Hair Cuts for Women Over 50 wearing glasses | Short Hairstyle Picture Gallery 
Wall Decals for the Home  Always Kiss Me by FourPeasinaPodVinyl, $10.00 always kiss me goodnight, vi 
Beautiful feminine swirl tattoo with small flower. I love !!!! I would add some words/a phrase into  
More Great Lego Bedroom Decorating - Landon would flip for this! 
Love how pallet wood was reused to make this kind of wall shelf/decoration to give rustic touch into 
Gucci Spring 2013 RTW - Review - Fashion Week - Runway, Fashion Shows and Collections - Vogue - Vogu 
Working with brands is a great way to make money, but make sure your blog is ready for it. Here are  
Photoshop Elements Tutorial: Create Lens Flare 

Travel Inspiration-Super Fun Luggage... I wonder if I can make this? Screw a hinge on, get some leat 
This would be FUNNY! Dice with emotions 
Oven Baked Steak Fajita Quesadillas - Never thought to cook the steak and the veggies in the oven! M 
Mary McDonalk - dark blue dining w/wood tones 
Autumn craft. I actually remember doing this in elementary school. Mine were not as good but a very  
Nail Polish Design 
Closet | Closet Scuba Midi Dress in Floral Print at ASOS 
And, of course, the Cat Facts Approach: | The 23 Best Ways To Handle A Text From The Wrong??Number.. 
Boulet Damiana Cowgirl Boots - Square Toe - Sheplers 
The Americans actress shows her stripes while traipsing through Europe. 
My body type. This is so beautiful. The dress compliments her body perfectly. 
19 Relationship Problems As Told By Stiles Stilinski. Teen wolf, im indebted to you for showing me t 
Wanderlust - a strong desire for or impulse to wander or travel and explore the world. 
SHORT SPIKEY HAIRCUTS FOR WOMEN OVER 50 | Short 
This is such a cool idea, not only for fruit, but lots of other things too! 
1930s Vampish Oxford Heels - I want shoes like this...several pairs because I would wear them everyd 
Great website for a bunch of adult therapy task ideas. 
DIY: Mothers Day sharpie mug gift idea 
Thinking of Bounce by Calvin Harris feat Kelis. Meanwhile back at the ranch, in addition to loving t 
I like this bulletin board heading for a behavior management chart. 
My sister had this pizza at NEWKS this weekend and OMG the flavor was fantastic! Found the recipe... 
When Timmy Turner learned he was a mistake: | 33 Jokes That Went Way Over Your Head As A Kid 
Fairy garden 
How-to: using tin cans for metal work :: Great! Something to do besides pencil holders! This is a ne 
LDS Activity Days necklace for $1 each. Love this! 
Roll your own sushi at home - so easy even I can do it! Photo Tutorial 
Wedding Hairstyle for Medium Hair Tutorial 
The horizontals on the right and the verticals on the left are so simple, but it balances.  Melody J 
An amazing pasta with shrimp! Substitute whole wheat pasta for regular. 
Make a puddle an hour before the shot.  throw it in sport mode capture 
STaMPeD ViNTaGe uPCyCLeD SpooN JeWeLRy by JuLieSJuNQueTiQue, $12.00 
1925 Magnolia - California patio-style bungalow plan - Radford 
Easy Homemade Shower Gel - To learn more about essential oils.  
The Perfect Chair used at Great Nail spas. WHAT THE??? I HAVE NEVER BEEN IN A CHAIR LIKE THIS FOR A  
Necktie Necklace from @Becky James of @The Crafting Chicks.  Any pretty fabric could be used this sa 
Nail Art Designs For Short Nails 
Lane Myers Construction Custom Home Builder Mountain Ranch Homes Kitchen Granite Countertops Dark Ca 
Even I had all these ingredients in the kitchen...super easy alternative to buying mod podge and pro 
Photo Fridays | Glamourous Bridal Portraits | Glamour 
{ MEMMOTT???S } Utah Children Photographer ?? Crave Photography 
Tennis ball picture holder for the tennis loving FIL! 
Pale Pink Ombre Dress. Love this color combination! 
We keep an emergency box in the car when on road trips. It comes in handy more times than I can coun 
Kung Pao Chicken Zoodles For Two - Skinnytaste 
cozy 
Plan W4119DB: Four Porches, Four Bedrooms And a Study 
LAKE COTTAGE DREAMS: Bedroom: Beach House Decorating Ideas/Home Decor and Interior Decorating Ideas 
Craft Activities for 2-3 year olds 
anime, anime,Darker than Black 
A rusty old BMW R 100? This custom from Cafe Racer Dreams is not quite what it seems. 
I am a beginner at sewing and I made these pretty easily! Nice pattern and a great way to learn how  
girl-scouts-swap-inch-worm-craft | TheMomsJournal | Family Fun in ... 
The most haunted houses in America - LaLaurie House (The Haunted House) in New Orleans, Louisiana 
Crochet Ever After - crochet patterns inspired by your favorite fairy tales! 
1 Dandelion Tattoos 
40 DIY Log Ideas Take Rustic Decor To Your Home 
Spicy Old Bay Bloody Mary with Rosemary-Infused Vodka (!!!) | With Food   Love 
cute emo outfits | Howl - Characters: Creation of Silvermoon Pack Members (showing 1-50 ... 
Mini bread puddings with a brown sugar whiskey caramel sauce 
90s KID: Goth Ombr?? Lips (using Illamasqua Medium Pencil in Honour). Gorgeous! 
now i know what to do with the beautiful rocks i pick up on my beach walks.... 
Great way to serve crudite during an outdoor/garden party 
cinderella - If some of the Disney princesses joined the Suicide Girls, I have a feeling this art by 
NAVEN Oversized Silk Blazer in Chartreuse    * Like the color combo, just not in this sequence. 
short hairstyles over 50, hairstyles over 60 - shaggy hairstyle for women over 50 
Oatmeal Chocolate Chip Banana Muffins. I used 2 bananas and doubled the recipe to make a dozen. Yum! 
guided reading table with dry erase circles - Great for math stations with me. 
Lily will love this---Krafty Kellzster: DIY: Lilly Pulitzer First Impressions Canvas 
Chicken Alfredo Baked Ziti. A velvety, rich alfredo sauce that will send your senses into orbit:) 
Haha too good! Breastfeeding memes. You should scroll to the comments on this one. The replies are h 
Gifts for Dad to Be - New Daddy Gifts for Expectant Fathers 
And 12 different faces (and counting). | 19 Delightfully Geeky Cross Stitches You Wish You Owned 
Healthy Summer Sandwiches and Wraps - grab some fresh produce and your favorite toppings and try one 
Glacier vs. Yellowstone National Parks: How do They Compare? An Infographic from HomeAway Travel Ide 
InuYasha angry at Koga for going near Kagome who is holding Shippo and Kirara - screenshot from InuY 
8 tips for better pictures of your kids 
Don Johnson Miami Vice days  Who could ever forget Sonny Crockett 
Daniel Tiger Cupcake Toppers Daniel Tiger by lovebuggydesigns 
Tribal with nude 
The Dough Boy: | 32 Of The Greatest Things That Have Ever Happened On Tumblr 
Bandana headband and white off-shoulder top. Nice eye makeup too 
50 Master Bedroom Ideas That Go Beyond The Basics 
White, green and zinc looking pot = welcoming.  Love the idea of using branches in the center of the 
And your friends have to check in on you: | 27 Hilarious Moments Of Stoner Logic 
Baby A at 6 months old. RI 
Jet-Set in Style: 22 Celebrity-Inspired Outfits to Wear on a Plane - Olivia Munn 
Lucille Ball: one hot mama  via Va-Voom Vintage: Friday Fashionistas: Lucille Ball 
Beads in a jar with a solar light on top. Crystals would be nice. 
DIY: How to Paint Your Bike 
The Avengers Movie: Funny Memorable Quotes (7 pics) | Vitamin-Ha 
overalls 
not a spirit of fear but of power and of love and of a sound mind. 
Placement Philip Milic Iconosquare ??? Instagram webviewer 
Waterwise combo of  Salvia, Achillea, Nepeta, Coreopsis, Centranthus and  Artemisia. 
Ben Nye Banana Powder...a must have! This is a makeup staple ladies...order it and fall in love! 
G.K. Chesterton Quote little metal book necklace 
16 Essential Tips for Capturing Great Photos of Kids 
Basketball Party-- healthy snack idea, cutie oranges made to look like basketballs! 
8 Critical Things You Have To Have In A Good Photography Contract 
Layered Hairstyles For Thin Hair | who were never conscious about their looks especially about hairc 
idea file for a chambray  and lace scarf.  I love denim and lace. 
Engagement Portraits Enchanted Garden Secret Garden Chandor Gardens Weatherford Dallas Fort Worth En 
Homeschool Organizing Ideas | Homeschool Organization-Vlog 
Geometric Photo Backdrop. Must use this to cover my ugly bedroom walls. 
best friends heart chevron iphone 4 4s 5 case by Rosaliehandmade, $24.99 
Hand Painted Plates African Inspired Gold shapes geometric abstract brown LOVE !! 
The most perfect laundry room ever. Obsessed with that door, all the windows, the bench, storage, an 
Cherokee Indian Blessing 
43 Workouts That Allow You To Watch An Ungodly Amount Of Television 
hidden drawer slots organization for pots and pans... plus a bunch of ideas for pots and pans organi 
Eagle Scout Merit Badge. $100.00, via Etsy. Very nice! Recreate for less $? 
Life in print: Photography Business   iPad 2 = A Happy (digital) Me 
Simple Backyard Weddings | My simple backyard wedding | Someday :) 
Marcello Counter Stool with Pewter Nailhead Trim 
Floral Cami | Camis | Clothes | Shop Justice 
The Best Someecards Of The Week 
Must add to my collection 
Book of Mormon map. I love this map I followed it while I read the scriptures it was drawn about.... 
Earring Holder Jewelry Holder 
Cute Medium length style, by Katy Perry 
one direction facts | 1D facts ??? - One Direction Photo (29099597) - Fanpop fanclubs 
Neutral light brown via sunny blonde highlights, loose curl by 1 1/2 inch curling iron wrap hair aro 
35. The MAN can DANCE. | Community Post: 55 Reason Jensen Ackles Is The Best Person Ever 
Joy Quote Inspirational Quote Ordinary Quote by heytheredesign 
Mountain Stone | Grey Standard patio bigger pavers 
Spagetti Squash with Avocado Cream Sauce...amazing. Recipe was a bit garlicky for my tastes. One clo 
The Best DIY doTERRA Cleaning Recipes-imagine the peace of knowing you are cleaning your home with n 
1000 Life Hacks A great idea for the scrapbook, and a fine testament of current day events while bro 
I would loveee to be able to look like her. 
Classroom Organization: Managing Student Absences. Great tips from a high school teacher on how to k 
Cute Gender Reveal idea 
If I have my students cooking Spanish foods and/or desserts I can use this as one of the recipes tha 
Layered Gingham - navy gingham shirt with teal sweater, J.Crew Factory statement necklace and mustar 
Sesame Street Birthday Party Ideas and Decorations 
Drunk Melon Balls: The Labor Day Party Must-Have - Eating Our Words 
Ruins, dilapidated, decay, abandoned 
Scooby doo Coloring Pages 
New take on Washers Game~ love this for cook outs and take to the lake. 
Brunch wedding- give your guests their morning crossword puzzle! OR just to have at the tables to ki 
Warlocks burn with their own power Board pins Concept Art Bonetech3D Mech UDK Concepts Fashion Sci-F 
Horseshoe Horse Shoe Wall Hooks Hanger Cowboy Western Bathroom Home Decor | eBay...I will have this 
Used a lot of ideas from this site, very helpful blog - Jen - make-ahead party menu-some very good i 
You love your pets but may hate what they sometimes do. Pet urine may arguably be the hardest of all 
Stephanie 
Cubbyhouse kits : Diy Handyman Cubby house : Cubbie house Accessories: Plans 
Readbox: such a cool idea for book reports instead of having students write something. And the QR co 
Lovely City Cute Retro Sundress 
36 Exciting Additions to Your Home! 
How to Exercise After a C Section: 9 Steps (with Pictures) 
I know that feeling 
Blueberry Breakfast Cake. WOW I made this today and it was amazing!!!  I highly recommend making thi 
13 Ways to Rethink the Foot of Your Bed | Apartment Therapy 
Sometimes you feel alone because of how you prioritize books over everything else. | 31 Confessions  
How to frame a bathroom mirror, including how to get rid of ugly plastic clips and how to cut the an 
Check out this collection of amazing art 
More fun with photos. The original source was not found from the pin that I found this on. Very cute 
Sweetheart Girl | Custom Made A line Backless White Chiffon Prom Dresses,Wedding Dresses | Online St 
Great tutorial on how to build a closet in an existing room. 
American Flag Cuffs 
Quick Summertime Toddler Activity: Fizzy Science Fun! 
Japanese x and   Quilt Modern Handcraft 
50 Flower Nail Art Designs 
1980 toys | Vintage Month 
Avocado Cheese Ball Recipe - Love this idea!!! Two of my favorite things ??? avocados and cheese 
Harvesting Herbs 101 (Basil, Chives, Cilantro/Coriander, Mint, Parsley, Rosemary, Sage, Tarragon, Th 
15 Most Creative Engagement Announcement Photos 
Bridesmaids dresses with fur stoles. We can rent them. Pearl jewelry, white gloves, maybe small head 
Grocery Shopping Scavenger Hunt.  Great way to teach Cub Scouts about how much things cost at the st 
You disgust and nauseate yourself by the number of times you say ???I miss you??? and ???I love you. 
The Nightmare Before Christmas font (process) by Eilyn-Chan on deviantART 
sigh . . . if i only knew how to upholster (or wanted to learn!) -- this couch would be relatively e 
All you need to do is pull the current weeds out from your flower bed and discard them. Next you lay 
Baked Strawberry Donuts...made with real strawberries and from scratch! 
Fabulous information to know!!  How to make monograms in Word, Paint or any other Word Processing pr 
Cold process soap featuring moisturizing avocado oil and a dash of argan oil. Made for dry, wintery  
Sam Heughan as Jamie Fraser in Outlander on Starz Season One Part Two 
Best Steak Marinade in Existence - I mean, with a name like ???Best Steak Marinade in Existence??? h 
Alexander McQueen. These are the kind of shoes you wear with nothing else! 
Lily Collins 
Starburst filled cups! To give as teacher gifts / end of year presents for teachers   secretaries 
Essential oils 
Painting the Past - Holl??ndischer Farbenhersteller mit tollen Wandfarben f??r Shabby Chic, Cottage  
Serve up this healthy Mediterranean dip as an appetizer at your next get-together! 
The Wedding Scoop Spotlight: Short Wedding Dresses 
Summer fruits for dog 
Choose statement furniture that fills the room. | 19 Foolproof Ways To Make A Small Space Feel So Mu 
30 Funny Animal Photos with Captions 
An easier way for my brain to comprehend missing someone after their death. 
Unlimited designer jewelry for $19/month? Yes please! 
This sign is going to college with my boys one day...hanging it in their dorm rooms myself! 
We belong together by Mariah Carey my favorite song by Mariah Carey ever 
Coping Skills Jeopardy game from rectherapyideas. Good reference for psychiatric nursing. Maybe I ca 
10 Ideen f??r eine k??stliche Gartenparty | Meine Svenja 
DIY : Toss the old dresser but keep the drawers...Repurposed Drawer Projects 
2013 Newest Christmas Deco Mesh Wreath, Cute Bow Mesh Wreath For Christmas, Christmas Deco Wreath Id 
burlap box @Veronica Filips... another example of why I need to know how to sew. this is great (with 
Assembly Helper - trying to balance wide work pieces on edge during assembly can really be a challen 
A great gift idea made with scrap wood, paint, stain, photos and modge podge. How great is that!? 
Easy Wooden Star -- want to make a BIG one from split barnwood boards -- for the barn or maybe side  
How to Cook Venison (Deer Meat): 6 Steps (with Pictures) 
Patricia Maternity Gown Maternity Dress by RosesAndRufflesProps, $90.00 
How cute is Bows and Depos in the Light Green Keds Cut Outs? 
Loaded Nachos by pioneer woman. This looks amazing!!!! 
Coloring Page - Kleurplaat versiering 
4th of July art projects for preschoolers | 4th of July Streamer craft added to 1 - 2 - 3 Learn Curr 
Harley Quinn Cosplay by Kitty Young [Pics] | Geeks are Sexy Technology News. Fantastic cosplay 
Decorated Glass Block for that Special Little by CreatedbyLenore, $22.00 

Personalized Bacherlorette Cruise Items on a Budget 
2pcs Stay Strong script quote temporary tattoo - InknArt Temporary Tattoo -  wrist neck ankle small  
Keep the essentials in a small clear bag so you can easily switch diaper bags and transfer what you  
Quartzite Bianco Macabus quartzite which performs like a granite in terms of durability but has a lo 
Missing the forests so badly... I love running through, finding a beautiful pond and just sitting th 
Homemade Tropical Fish (Gummy Fish) or use gold fish 
10 Documentaries that Will Make You Rethink Everything You Know About Animals. I just watched Blackf 
Easy 
House of Turquoise: Kat Liebschwager Interiors 
The MSNBC Quote: | The 38 Absolute Best Yearbook Quotes From The Class Of 2014 
How to Raise Your Credit Score Over 110 Points in Less Than 5 Months 
siins:    there is a point in drawing hands when suddenly they all start to look like really weird m 
Elegant western cowboy baby nursery decorating ideas and decor for a baby boy 
Mint Elephant Infinity Scarf Loop Scarf Circle Scarf Summer Scarf Head Scarf Cheap Scarves Fashion S 
The paint color for the walls is Dansbury Downs by Pratt and Lambert, and the molding color is White 
Hilarious pictures of the hour ??? 12 pics 
Well Rounded: Burlap Wreath Tutorial 
Easy Cheese danishes! You can do a whole bunch with Crescent rolls! 
Just be! 
Paint chip, rubber stamp and ink and ribbon trim...what a neat idea for a bookmark. 
3D Printed Geeky Laughing Buddhas: What is the Sound of One Han Shooting? Tap into the force of Luck 
Set your mind to completing your own Total Body Transformation!  This 12 Week Total Body Transformat 
The Worlds Best Chicken ~ Allrecipecenter 
Could have @Angela Brown do this all elegantly and ballerina-like and I could have a balloon drawn f 
Exodus 14:14 Printable Ovarian Cancer Awareness Bible Verse Sign , Let the Lord Fight for You INSTAN 
sac color??, en coton enduit, de chez Desigual 
Three braids twisted into buns side by side - 101 Braid Hairstyles You Need to Know | Beauty High 
perfect for Christmas evening 
WE ARE DOING THIS TODAY!  Here is a great way to grow organic shitake/oyster mushrooms.   How to Gro 
Dysautonomia SOS Inspiration, with a side of silly.. 
Clint Eastwood. GQ. 
Thanksgiving - Duck Dynasty Style 
150 Dollar Store Organizing Ideas and Projects for the Entire Home - Page 147 of 150 - DIY 
The Endless Summer Tunic Pattern- so simple, perfect in linen or nani iro double gauze 
Unique Wedding Lighting 
Adorably Personal Table Number Ideas. I love this idea for wedding table numbers! 
DIY Personalized Monogram Burlap/Wood Sign ~ You could very easily make one for under $5 dollars wit 
Tween Wedding Elegance Special Occasion Dress.....maybe for E and S 
Baby girl clothes 
Mossy Flower Tieback, Newborn Photo Prop, Newborn Flower Tieback, Spring Flower Headband, Many Color 
40 Ways to Style Your Maxi Dress for Summer 
This lovely couple wanted to capture their time waiting for their little boy from Uganda, and Ariell 
Mason Jar Wall Hanging , Country Decor, Rustic Mason Jar Decor , Reclaimed Wood , Wall Sconce,Decora 
American Girl Doll Play: Search results for Bedroom 
DIY Cute Little Teddy Bear 
middle school art projects with recycled materials 
Gorgeous outfit. My type of skirt. 
No Sew Bandana Bibs--perfect for Craft Hope Project 20 @Jade Laswell 
Yakgrips Comfort Kayak Paddle Grips 
QUIZ: Which Disney Princess Are You? 
The razored ends make this hairstyle extra saucy with layers that are easy to spike up when styling. 
What I Wish I Knew Before Moving Overseas - advice from an expat. Journey Mercies. 
Dollar Tree Contact Paper and Used Boxes Wall Art 
Front Porch 016 they put 6 small rugs together to form a large one - cheaper and they can be reconfi 
DRIVEWAY WITH STAMPED CONCRETE 
I like Big Bucks and I can not lie. Hunting Onesie $10 @Megan Ward Denby PLEASE can we get this for  
Nursery Closet Makeover 
How i managed to keep you alive but kill every houseplant I have ever owned is beyond me ... 
CS. Lewis, to my understanding, never officially converted, but his writings...oh, his writings were 
The Trim Tart: How to wash and cook Beet Greens (Sauteed Beet Green recipe) 
Dollhouse Miniature Furniture - Tutorials | 1 inch minis Learn how to make miniature dollhouse furni 
Beautiful hair. Beautiful nails. Smiling is so much more beautiful than any other facial pose. 
Grilled Stuffed Flank Steak... substitute the honey mustard w/ maybe a spicy, minus bacon. Yum! 
Side Parted Long Layers Hairstyle For Kids.  Adalyn wants long layers... but oh, will it make her lo 
Carols of Dysfunction:  A Christmas Song Game 
I can add this to my sub-folder. No guess-work for what type of info to leave for the teacher when t 
Michael Kors Pav?? Heart Stud Earrings ??? (So far the only MK thing I like. -YF) 
22 diy easy and cheap mason jar projects 
Bringing a Pembroke Welsh Corgi Puppy Home: Get tips and information on what you need to do after yo 
Over-the-water hammock! Love the build into the deck too. I think i am going to need this when i mov 
garage conversion into 400 sq. ft. home - love the stained concrete floors 
lifted ford f350 | Lifted Ford F-350 Superduty Doing a Burnout - YouTube 
Solitude, night time, and a campfire .... the perfect atmosphere for conversation, a loving caress,  
cannoli bites - these are amazing! cannoli dough is baked in mini muffin tins then filled with a luc 
Halloween Party Candy Corn Banner... Simple enough that it would be fun to do with kids! 
FASHION OVER FIFTY | STREET STYLE 
raised flower beds stone 
0 
Disney Cheshire Cat Minnie Mouse ears headband on Etsy, $25.00 
cute idea...50 gallon barrels? 
A thing striped black and white half sleeve shirt with this skirt, a hat, tights, and a pair of blac 
Long Hairstyle with Side Bangs for Heart-shaped Women 
A Cupboard above sink, with no base, so that wet dishes can drip dry and are already put away 
Brussels Sprouts Skewers - Top Healthy Memorial Day Picnic Foods 
1945 Vacheron Constantin Triple Calendar. 
This is a cool scratchy corner! Your horse is going to scratch on the corner of the barn, why not ma 
What more can one ask for from one flower with SO MUCH COLOR! - SAVE MONEY - Thinking of green, pink 
VALENTINE SALE 15 off with coupon code by sister9designs on Etsy, $40.00 
Eye Candy: Great-Looking and REAL Dorm Rooms ?? Curbly | DIY Design Community 
551 east furniture design: super fun blow up 
Keep your bunny cool in hot temps. Rabbits get heat stroke easily, this gives tons of great ideas on 
So berry, berry clever. Perfect | 21 Fandom Mashups That Are Impossibly Perfect 
brilliant idea for accent lighting. if/when I ever have a coffee shop, this will definitely be invol 
Mrs. Hodge and Her Kindergarten Kids 
French Onion Chicken Noodle Casserole 
Destination Vow Renewal Packages: Renew Wedding Vows in Bahamas, Antigua, St. Lucia or Jamaica - San 
Disney Minnie Mouse Trucker Baseball Hat. Perfect for Disney World or Disneyland. By Chasing Elly 
When you enter this classroom...inspirational teaching poster 
Shabby Chic Inspired: Rag Quilt Tutorial - Love this in the whites. 
My Little Pony party food ideas--note: print out or use stickers of apple jacks on top 
Flowing and pretty 
The Life of a Cheap Chickadee: Girly PJ Shorts Tutorial and Tricks For Hemming With Ric Rac! 
Mid-century style fabric print @Kiersten Burkhardt Burkhardt Hathcock  Could use for replica fabric  
Landscape edging adds curb appeal and structure to your yard during the winter months. Try one of th 
Grilled Tilapia Tacos with Mango Salsa recipe 
First Trimester Week-By-Week 
Why Its Ok To Change Your Mind | Wild Sister Magazine 
Super Hero Birthday Party Cutlery wrapped by AlishaKayDesigns 
Doorsteps Blog: Phases of the Homebuying process 
20 DIY Alice in Wonderland Tea Party Wedding Ideas| Confetti Daydreams ??? Wedding Blog 
Going to A Party: Child of Poseidon Style 
Chit~Chat Chart...OH YES! Everytime someone talks while teacher talks they pull a square, after 3 yo 
I adore romantic double exposure photos 
Disney Tsum Tsum 4 in 1 polymer clay charms tutorial 
Hi everyone! Mr. Project here. I don???t usually post here, in fact, I usually just work in the... 
Steve Madden 
ABCs of Kids Yoga--Head Start classes and some public school teachers/classes teach Yoga to the kidd 
Complete Pantone ink color chart. Useful when redecorating, too. (Click the picture to see the full  
Easy Ground Beef Enchiladas 
how to convert a dog house into a chicken coop 
South Western Cardigan. So comfy, and plays up a simple outfit. 
Mississippi State University Hail State inspired Hand Stamped Necklace 
This is his explanation of why Lord of the Flies is a book about boys and why he chose to include on 
Hair bow Holder that is super cute and easy! 
12 edible baby and toddler safe paint recipes you can make from ingredients you most likely have in  
Mono Wardrobe. Monodrobe. 
How to Name Your Farm or Ranch - some great advice! 
Salisbury Steaks cooked in the crockpot ... dinner ready when you get home! 
The iPhone 4 Wallpaper I just pinned! 
Banyan Tree, Lahaini Maui, Hawaii!   I have visited this tree! At first I thought it was just a huge 
Tips on how to get pumped up before the big race. 
luau themed classroom | ... , the Whitman Post Library will host their Book Fair. The theme is 
Louis (gaaaawwwd) - Sydney, Australia - 2/7/15 - 1st show of the OTRA Tour | Project U 
Yup. All the time.............................lbxxx. 
20  Pregnancy Announcement Ideas (...from a pro) - Brittany Estes 
Wavy Short Hairstyles 2013 | 2013 Short Haircut for Women 
Source: suure why more irises and eyes are making it into the universe plot ... is not beyond me ... 
Glow in the Dark Party Ideas for Teenagers - Bing Images 
Use a wise old owl punch to hand deliver your graduation wishes on this classy red and black handmad 
DIY Inspiration for Boho Chic Hippie Leather Bag with Long Fringe!  * 
45  Lace Tattoos for Women | Cuded 
DIY Rocket Jet Pack for your little astronaut.  What a GREAT idea!! 
2012 wedding accessories wedding dress shawls caplets lace sheer 
The Enchanted Home: My home for Christmas 2013 and winners! 
A Ham and Potato Breakfast Casserole is perfect for breakfast or brunch. This easy egg bake recipe i 
Grad Cap Decoration Ideas for Graduation Celebration | MAP OMATIC 
Passport Invitation by HarlowCreations on Etsy, $5.00 
Turtleneck, suede skirt 
Cucumber Roll Ups 
For the living room and/or laundry room-Light Blue 
Life with littles is messy and fun, but sometimes you just need to clear some head and home space!   
Embrace the season???s boho trend with this spirited sandal by LEILA STONE. 
Weight Loss Yoga For Beginners - 10 Minute Yoga Routine For Fat Burning Workout - YouTube 
My past college days. At least I looked cute while failing a final once or twice! ( even if o never  
DIY IDEAS FOR GIRLS - Little paper frames 
Black Swan Lake a private residence in Napa via Mint Locations. Love the willow tree with the lake a 
Surprising Green Sweetheart Simple Prom Dress,Evening Dress,Graduation Dress,Formal Dress on Etsy, $ 
C??mo hacer un osito de peluche con un calcet??n.    Manualidad muy interesante par hacerla con los  
How to Draw a Wheeping Willow Tree 
Fairy/pixie dust party favor  Woodland Fairy Themed 5th Birthday Party 
Womens-big-glitter-monogram-racerback. Glitter might be a bit much but cute idea! 
fairy house 
Stop. In the name of the Deathly Hallows. | 17 Pieces Of Harry Potter Bling That Can Charm Even Mugg 
Quiet book.  Made from old baby clothing to teach how to fasten, zip, button, snap, etc. 
Clean Eating No Bake Cheesecake Trifle 
How To: Fold 12 Awesome Paper Planes ?? Man Made DIY | Crafts for Men ?? Keywords: paper, airplane,  
A short and simple tutorial on How to Draw a Bunny....colored pencils Hippity Hop 
True 
Paw Patrol Party Favors Dog House - set of 14 
2014 medium Hair Styles For Women Over 40 | Medium Length Hairstyles with Bangs: Haircuts for Girls  
Pina Colada Popsicles {Kid friendly included} - The Cottage Market 
CAR CELLPHONE CADDY Aqua Chevron Car Phone Holder by GreenGoose 
Parmesan Vegetable Spiral: a bed of onions is topped by a medley of veggies (tomatoes, potatoes, squ 
If you are looking for a company that will allow you to work from home, here are 101 options to get  
Make your own outdoor theater with PVC... this site has lots of uses for PVC in the garden and aroun 
10 Proven Myrrh Oil Benefits 
My Cricut Craft Room: My Mind can Design Monday May 20, 2013 - Child Theme Cartridges with a twist 
vintage opal ring / anthropologie  had something similar when I was young, want another! 
Pretty! 
How to Build a Tumbling Composter in 11 Steps - my brother did this years ago for my parents, now I  
.*explodes from cuteness* 
bohemian wear for women Plus Size 
Tiffany and Co Australian black opal and diamond ring 
The How To Mom: FROZEN Elsa Cape and Anna Cloak DIY Tutorial 
Ever since I unveiled my kindergarten classroom last fall, I have received weekly questions about so 
Illumination ??? Beauty ??? Resilience Ivory LOTUS PEACE PETALS Charm Bangle $38 Alex and Ani 
Disney Princess Quote Canvas  Sleeping by CarlysCraftyCorner, $25.00 
TRANSFORMATION: Rose Gold Sombre | Modern Salon 
Black and Tan Chevron Maxi Dress | Affordable and Trendy Boutique Clothing | Maxi Skirt 
I feel you China. finally someone understands that food is more important then life! 
Custom Painted Toms Shoes Airbrushed Jaws Hand Painted by SamsToms. , via Etsy. 
Personalized Rustic Memorial Sign for Wedding by ExpressionsNmore, $39.95 
Refresh and Clean Your Car Seats With Ease: Mix 2 Tbsp dish soap, 2 Tbsp washing soda, 2 cups hot wa 
I think Miss Raylynn needs this for her birthday!! :) 
Wedding Trends : Metallic Cakes - Belle the Magazine . The Wedding Blog For The Sophisticated Bride 
Smashed Potato Recipes Are Spuds At Their Best 
Lauren Bacall, 1947. Looks like she may be on to something scandalous, Nancy Drew style. 
Sincerely, Jules 
{The Classy Woman}: The Modern Guide to Becoming a More Classy Woman: There is Joy in Being a True L 
black accents, white cabinets! Really liking these small kitchens!!!!!!!!! 
Install A Highly Functional Pull Out Basket Drawer 
I can sub Greek yogurt for sour cream and use whole wheat or corn tortillas to make this fix approve 
agoldthatactuallystays:  The babies are always so fascinated. When did we lose that concentration on 
Survival Gift for a principal 
I found this in a bathroom look but I can see this in my bedroom too! Sooo cute! 
Summer Food to Eat 
ask-a-tarot-reader 
No Sew Tie Up Shades - A quick and easy way to bring a high-end look to your home on a DIY budget. 
Get softer, smoother and younger looking skin at home with a natural homemade cinnamon scrub.... 
I like to party 
DIY dried fruit without a dehydrator! Make it in your oven with this guide. | via @SparkPeople. Lots 
Up, Up and Away Hot Air Balloon Baby Shower Ideas | Project Nursery 
Euroalus tool 
How To Cinnamon French Toast Sticks??? mmmmmyesssplease 
Easy Fruit Dessert in Champagne Glasses : what an elegant way to serve for a bridal shower, baby sho 
A different perspective in may ways. Moving along the path you belong on without struggle or investm 
cool APO shirt idea change the A to navy, and the O in follow to a navy Phi and put an Omega in the  
Top 14 Herbal Remedies for Spider Veins - Natural Treatments And Cure For Spider Veins | Search Herb 
. 
Artfully decorated Garden shed. I have the perfect building in my backyard to do this. 
no flour, no added sugar... just oatmeal, apple sauce, pb (i used cookie butter), dried fruits and n 
Six Flags Fiesta Texas, San Antonio, Texas 
the most adorable camping theme classroom ever....maybe for summer 
Looks like my baby when she was a kitten. 
Do you spend most of your workday sitting at a desk? Try these desk exercises to strengthen abs, thi 
Pallet Style Table @Jen (Balancing Beauty and Bedlam/10 Minute Dinners blogs) Inspiring DIY Wood Pal 
New York City Neighborhoods typography graphic Canvas Art horizontal graphic mixed media collage 12  
Dark to Brown Ombre Hair for Shoulder Length Hair 
Design a tee in downtown Disney:  ???Select your favorite T???shirt color, size and style, and choos 
Anchor, Wheel, Whale, and Fish ~ Nautical  Nursery Theme? 
Crystal Light - A Sip In The Right Direction miranda lambert inspired crystal light recipes for cock 
1st 2nd 3rd 4th 5th Birthday Monster Short Sleeved Shirt, Cookie Monster, Sesame Street Inspired. $1 
gay marriage quotes | Gay Marriage in Native American Cultures | Race   Ethnicity // I Heart ... 
Fresh strawberry cake with strawberry buttercream 
LEGO Learning Idea: States, their Capitals and Abbreviations 
DIY Looped Twist Pony Pictures, Photos, and Images for Facebook, Tumblr, Pinterest, and Twitter 
The Goldbergs - The best show on TV this fall. I am so totally obsessed with this show.. I should ha 

menorquinas Pons with buckle strap in Brown, hand-crafted 
In 1887, intrepid reporter Nellie Bly pretended she was crazy and got herself committed, all to help 
Modern Baby Quilt  grey aqua white and navy by littlecolleydesign, $105.00 
Basketball Wall Decal with Name for Boys Vinyl by IceCreamVinyl, $24.00 
Teacher shirt by RagansCrazyCreations on Etsy, $20.00 
Vintage 22 pc Hazel Atlas Pink Crinoline Ripple Luncheon Set w/Box 
Just Another Day in Paradise: All That and a Bag of Chips Classroom Valentines 
could do without the crazy picture on the bottom shelf, but otherwise really like this idea 
BLUSH TULLE SKIRT || BLACK CROP SWEATER || BLUSH COAT WITH FAUX FUR COLLAR || BOW HEELS || SUNGLASSE 
Legitimate Jobs for Stay at Home Moms: Legitimate Work at Home Jobs that are not Scams 
Elvish (Tengwar). My reading a few years ago teacher had us decipher sentences in elvish when we rea 
Put your mouthwash in a decanter. | 31 Cheap And Easy Decorating Hacks That Are Borderline Genius 
Consider Me Inspired: Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Snacks! 
I really like these maybe different color. These would be good to wear any day, and for casual skirt 
The Flare ???Bellissima??? editorial is exceptionally steamy, sexy and exotic. It embodies the Medit 
Set of 100 Adorable Rustic Primitive Style Silver Mini Tin Pails / Buckets- For wedding and party fa 
Weight Watcher Oven Fried Fish 
Best feeling. 
How to Get Long Eyelashes Naturally | Stylo Lady 
A Vintage and Midsummer Nights Dream Inspired Wedding with a Traditional Chinese Tea Ceremony and Dr 
This cat hanging out on the toilet. | 31 Animal Pictures 
invierno. Clothes Casual Outift for ??? teens ??? movies ??? girls ??? women ???. summer ??? fall ?? 
Mutual Activity: A good slippery slope in which to find yourself upon. | LDS 
shows nothing but the boobs. I like this pose lol 
zipper pouch tutorial 
Beautiful. I like these flowers / colors, although not the style for the bouquets. Possible inspirat 
buffalo chicken dip. LINK ALSO INCLUDES: corn dog muffins, other dips, poppers, BBQ chicken sandwich 
I like the colored ceiling. 
would swap the footwear but yes to everything else 
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 2 of 36 | Catch My Party 
Such a great idea - DIY tree stump lamp 
Vintage Chevrolet Tailgate Bench Reclaimed Barn Wood and Metal Rustic Steel Industrial Work bench Sh 
i love beach glass, beach glass with hearts...amazing. 
Ideas and Inspiration for any Deck, Railing 
Geeky Nerdy Baby Bibs - Star Wars, Avengers and Marvel Comics 
30 Day Thigh Challenge - Fitgirlcode - Community for fit and healthy women. Unlocking your personal  
Create a simple 
Kick Up Your Heels Rustic Wedding | Lindsey Hahn Photography | Heart Love Weddings 
Seeded Eucalyptus: Primarily for bouquets and boutonni??res. Can be paired with hydrangeas for table 
DIY Smoker- How To Build A Smokehouse From Pallets for Less than $100 
I found this very helpful. Lots of tips on different things to help you become a better rider. 
Workout outfit 
Gorgeous Side Pinned Curls Chignon 
The Giving Tree Print  - and she loved a little boy very very much - even more than she loved hersel 
Bi-fold closet doors made to look like barn doors. Uh-oh. Wish I had seen this before I took all the 
Dapper Day: Jasmine (Aladdin) 
As part of a larger identity and branding project, Face, a design studio based in Monterrey, Mexico, 
terraced retaining walls | Terraced Ashlar Block Wall 
Footprint Stepping Stone Tutorial (want to do this for the garden). 
Modern   Victorian. = My fiance and I.  Both super opinionated on our style. but I have faith our pl 
For wispy bangs, make sure the fringe is shorter in the middle and longer on the edges to create a s 
I love UP.!!!..How cute would this be for a guest book? All the guests fingerprints are the balloons 

Yeah... dont you ever talk to yourself? Ive never done that before XD 
10 Tips for Painting Walls  - a must read if you have a room to paint! 
0 
i have big plans to turn an old dresser into an island in my new kitchen. 
It Is Known That Michael Kors Logo Signature Large Coffee Wallets Has Already Gained Great Reputatio 
Forever Brilliant Moissanite and Recycled 14k Yellow Gold Alternative Engagement Ring with Peekaboo  
Hair color, cut, and pretty makeup- love 
Juicing is a healthier option rather than consuming raw or cooked veggies. Assorted vegetable juices 
Philae Temple, Aswan, Egypt. This temple was dedicated to Isis, my favorite Egyptian Goddess and ran 
Frozen Pink Grapefruit 
Hamburger Rice Cheese Casserole - Might have to try this out...with some changes. 
DIY New Bench Using Old Headboards 
recessed light trim embellished with clear crystal 
An Orchard Brunch with Poppy Barley - offbeat   inspired 
Sketching great eyes 
DIY - How to make a seat cushion for wooden chairs. 
Though She Be But Little She is Fierce Printable by GiventoLove, $3.95 
wedding expo ideas, bridal show ideas - Malissa Ahlin Photography 
I love this coat, but it seems dumb to me to wear it with holy jeans and heels in the winter... 
lego party invites | Lego Party Ideas / silverware display 
Rhinestone Bridal Dance Mask Masquerade by DESIGNERSHINDIGS, $32.00 
cute idea for big/lil clue next year! 
Breaking up getting over someone quote missing you love quote heartbreak quote Heart broken quote ex 
Inspiration: Favorite Train Birthday Parties | Double the Fun Parties ?? 
15_Storage_And_Organization_Ideas_For_Your_Kitchen_-_Use_a_towel_bar_to_store_pot_lids[1] 
Some Girls Are Just Born With Glitter In Their Veins Sterling Silver 
Beautifulll!!! Wrap lights around and turn the picture unfocused and it creates beautiful bokeh:) I  

Disney Movie Quotes | Life Lessons from Disney/ Pixar Movies | rebeccanicholeratliff 
dragonfly quilt! Perfect for a little girl 
Everything on here is so great! Double magnetic knife strip to put on fridge fridge also gets magnet 
Striped pencil skirt and black crop top 
Beach Ball Cake by The Cake Chic 
Rustic Home Decor ??? so very pretty but I would never have a white couch! Perhaps a tan color for m 
This real-life doll even gets dressed up for yard work! | 25 Kids Too Trendy For Their Own Good 
Finally, a magic ring tutorial that I can follow. :) 
Use this idea for Library display! You can have two or four back to back and that will be your raise 
Shake ???N Bake Pork Chops Recipe | TheSuburbanMom 
strawberry iced bubble tea 
Hip Hop Around the Clock 
Donut Teacher Appreciation Sign for National Teacher Appreciation Week, $2.00 
owls - I have to get these made for the garden so cute 
Our family chore list - click to see the full version. it includes our daily, twice weekly, weekly a 
DIY Paper Dahlia flowers tutorial || Love the rainbow of colors! Perfect for Spring or Easter. 
Vintage 1950s Rappi Couture Silk Organza Party Prom Dress Heart Stopper Red Embroidery 
Sopapilla Cheesecake Bars 
Science fair? No,no, no Reading Fair!....have kiddos keep track of each book they read for fall wint 
eclectic bedroom Romantic French Bedrooms   Naturally Neutral 
Project Life Graduation Card 
Girl Christening, baptism, naming day, baby girl, fingerprint tree, diy baby room decor, custom birt 
Well, hello summer! With wedding season upon us the huge dilemma of what to wear comes afloat. Here  
ohhhhhhhhhh para pegarlas en recipientes de vidrio, en papeles, en muebles, en cartas en to-do. 
Perfect Christmas gift, Proverbs 31 verse, she is clothed with strength and dignity, vintage distres 
Witches over the cauldron black orange witch halloween halloween pictures happy halloween halloween  
Moonshine Cherry Cheesecake Bombs - Show up the lady who always brings jello shots 
Up close and personal with a stunning peacock (photo by KerriNikolePhotography, via Flickr) 
Hula hoop, add streamers and crepe, get the kids involved with craft scissors to tatter and add text 
Make a wave bottle - kids love making waves with a sensory bottle! Easy to make too. 

The Ultimate Printable Budget Binder - featuring 10  amazing printables thatll make you want to get  
Day Of The Dead, lovely Flower Skull Belly Button Rings,Sugar Skull Navel jewelry,Mint roses eyes,su 
Old Rose Orange Midkini Top and White/Black Chevron Highwaisted High Waisted Waist Bikini Swimsuit S 
circular patio firepit - Google Search 
Relaxing Day Pants-too expensive but I sure like to pretend this board is my closet. 
How to make a cute fabric teddy bear from your old tshirts. Very cute way to treasure something 
?? kidscase look book spring | summer 2015 
Indoor Outdoor Barn Wedding - Coordinately Yours by Julie Blanner entertaining 
Which shoes works best with ankle pants featuring the @landsendus Portico Ankle Pant. 
Cant Google Everything: DIY Toddler Busy Board! 
Picture of Aluminum Boat Fishing Conversation and Restoration 
Superhero classroom theme - Lots of ideas and resources for doing a super hero theme in your classro 
White Jeans. Black Adidas T-Shirt. Black Converse Shoes. Chuck Taylors. Sneakers Outfit. Urban Outfi 
Apple Spice Pork chops 
Messy Pixie Haircut: Stylish Short Hairstyles Designs for Women 2014 - 2015 
Idea for having rocks around the flower bed and around a little pond area -  small japanese garden | 
Refreshing Melon Ball Punch! This stuff is what summertime is made of! Fizzy, lightly sweetened and  
When you take your 3 year holds cleats and socks off and smell how stinky those little piggies get!! 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
top 10 tips for diy newborn photography camera settings 
Pink  white - Pink  white  Repinly Hair 
::falling down all over the place in pure knitting swoon:: I would do grievous bodily harm for this! 
Craigslist Dresser Gets a Colorful Makeover // How to Paint Furniture | I absolutely love this color 
what a fab christmas present this would be for the man in your life haha 
Maria Brink, lead vocalist of In This Moment. Best female vocalist ever, 
DIY Home Decorating - 10 amazing ways to easily make curtains ( sew and no-sew)! | DIY home decor. 
???Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.??? ~Martin Luther King JR. 
Cheerleading Workout Exercises 
my want for short hair is never ending but i am so scared and idk what will look good on my curly ha 
Minute to Win It Party:  All stuff that ANY person can prep!!  love the banana and orange game the b 
This is exactly the type of fence I want to build, exactly!!! Gate and all. 
Candy Medals for Family Game Night or any event 
Black Dutch Guinea-pig 
Steamed Clams in White Wine, Garlic, and Butter | Savory Sweet Life - Easy Recipes from an Everyday  
great series of posts on decluttering/sprucing up a house for sale or just for simpler living 
2nd story deck with stairs but going to the front might block sun room door under 
Double-Vanilla Whoopie Pies: move over, chocolate: Blog | King Arthur Flour 
100 Spoons (Sunflower Tutorial) 
Rustic Shabby Chic Baby Shower Invitations - DIY Printable Baby Shower Invitations. $24.00, via Etsy 
Shaun The Sheep - so cute! 
How To Apply Gel Stain - very easy tutorial.  This is an awesome before 
vintage 30s luggage / suitcase with travel hotel stickers on Etsy, $325.00 
Organizing classroom supplies in a beautiful, easy-to-see way | What the Teachers Wants 
10 DIY Backyard Activities including: creating a giant Jenga set or chess board, projecting movies o 
Stop judging yourself. ... Love yourself quotes. 
Death By Chocolate Bundt cake 
OPI Chocolate Moose.  After looking through all the nudes and browns i think this is the best. Think 
Learn how to make Marbled Milk Paper from the popular marbled milk science experiment. 
Detox Drinks for a 7 Day Detox Diet 
Faith In Humanity Restored. Really makes me feel great to know these people are out there 
Jennifer (Marcus High School Senior) 
swimminginaseaoftea:    thevirtualtypewriter:    ???Slow It Down??? - The Lumineers  Submitted by bl 
Mi barquitodepalet - Prenons le temps 
Overnight oats are ~everything.~ 
If I ever get married again this is how I want my hair 
Tarty rhubarb slice - another tempting rhubarb recipe 
Swallow-tailed Kite - A strikingly marked raptor of wetlands in the southeastern United States, the  
Tie Dye Tee with Fringe- cute! Pair this with the tie dye swim suit cover up and it would look amazi 
Another wonderful poster design by Amy McAdams Design. Such simple words, but oh-so-true. 
This is what I am thinking for my hair. I want an Elsa-on-coronation-day updo. We will see what we c 
Luau party skewers. Cute could use any kind of candy to match a different theme 
Different food bars for parties 
Honey Bun Cake 
bachelorette party cupcakes.  a cupcake and a shot! 
DIY Paper Lamps 
DIY natural Blemish Remover with lavender and tea tree oil. Natural health and beauty. 
The ULTIMATE Easy Mac and Cheese Recipe - Done in under 30 minutes. Boston Market Macaroni And Chees 
I would 
I loved watching Michael Jordan and the Chicago Bulls! 
ice cream cone flowers - easy and simply.  Used for ice creame party 
I want this badly!!! 
how to make an easy patio privacy screen step by step tutorial, outdoor living, Attaching the lattic 
Japanese can be proud of their car making technology cos these cars are super popular all over the w 
Awesome geometric tattoo of arrow and moon. 
spider-man-must-choose-in-captain-america-civil-war-fan-poster 
??? Pastel Dust Tutorial ??? 
Homemade Kahlua....  I make this all the time.  Everybody loves it.  It is so much better then store 
Gold Foil Art Prints // Could be so cute in a bathroom! 
Not sure I can get D to sit still long enough for this, but I will definitely try! 

Homemade Halloween Decorations from Better Homes 
Doggie Door | Awning Ideas | Pet Friendly | Home Decor | Dog House | Cat Bed | Interior Design 
Could use the tiny picture frames in the dollar section of Michaels to create this look 
Anthropologie Display/ in front of windows,  netting or tulle, tied and weighted at the bottom 
4th of July deployment care package. Detailed list and pictures of what to put in care packages. 
Tyra Banks (what can I say, the girl can SMIZE) 
Vanilla Cake with Vanilla Buttercream Recipe | Cake Paper Party 
Cupcake flower pot and Oreo sunflower cupcakes 
This blog site has numerous examples of bookshelves arrangements using different styles. 
roasted chickpeas **I always need reds for my 21 day fix and this is a nice alternative for a red sn 
If I must go to DisneyWorld this year, I think I should wear this outfit. 
Georges Seurat, Pointillism lesson plan 
Does it roll? Simple experiment to see which items will roll down a plane. 
Eye Make Up For Blue Eyes 
Etsy listing at 
BABY SAFE 
Frozen Inspired Doll Dress and Sash for the American Girl Doll featuring Olaf by TheWhimsicalDoll2 
beautiful color 
VitamixTortilla Soup, this is so fun to make in the vitamix.  Hit the soup setting and 5 minutes lat 
Drawsh ??? || CHARACTER DESIGN REFERENCES 
Bell peppers stuffed with Italian seasoned turkey and mozzarella direct link.  Reminded me of a supr 
Ranch Cheddar Chicken - The quickest and easiest baked chicken with an amazingly creamy, cheesy Ranc 
Driven By D??cor: Flush Mount Ceiling Lights: Weeding Through the Ugly To Find My Faves 
Be Inspired: 6 Month Babies ?? Confessions of a Prop Junkie 
Little House of Four: New hallway rug and gallery wall... 
Cute paper wrapped around glass jar vases 
This classic garden arch has just six parts and can be built in less than a day. Create a gateway, f 
Raw broccoli raisin salad: broccoli, sunflower seeds, red onion, raisins, cashew dressing 
How to recover a patio cushion -great easy tutorial......love this fabric! 
even the pain is part of the story - a picture us moms would like to have, even though we may not th 
Farmhouse Entry Table Rustic Furniture   Country Farm House Table, Console Table Wall Table LAST NAM 
Magic circle crochet tutorial... Great tip!! And how cute is that little helper bird... : ) 
18 Easy and Flattering Shaggy Mid-length Hairstyles for Women - Pretty Designs 
Photo decoration for a 50th birthday...this would be good for anniversary too. 
Science for Kids: Exploring How Water Travels Through Leaves - Buggy and Buddy 
Best Blinged-Out Nursing Graduation Caps | Midlevel U 
Funny baby clothes newborn baby clothes mommy by teesandmoretees, $17.99 
i really love my s5 coupe but audi r8 is so beautiful, it makes me want it just for the sake of my c 
Essential oil combos for the diffuser: Substitutions for Ameo Brand: Stress Away - Calming Breeze, T 
Totally my style...wavy hair, sunglasses, and menswear inspired shirt. 
Love the colors and necklace!  Bauble Bar Necklace   Joie Blouse   J.Brand Shorts   Ancient Greek Sa 
6 Strength Exercises Every Runner Should Be Doing  Smart moves to make you a faster, longer runner a 
The girls favorite Bao-I would be a hero if I made them chinese barbecue pork buns (char siu bao) re 
All Cardio, love this one 
Easy Chicken Parmesan recipe  (6/10/2013) Food: Chicken Main Course  (CTS) 
Design Custom Family Reunion T-Shirts Online by Countrywide Promotions 
10 New Bachelorette Party Ideas. 
Stuffed animal storage ideas, love the bean bag cover idea! 
TWINS Baby Shower Banner Nursery Banner Soft by AspenArtsStudio 
Chalkboard Floral Bridal Shower Invitation Rustic Roses Watercolor Classic Elegant Wedding Invite Pr 
I love the island being a pop of color in a kitchen.  I would have to go with ocean blue! 
Bonjour Balloon - how fun would this be to give/receive this?!? seriously, someone send me one! = D 
Leonid Afremov 
mermaid decor ideas. Oh my gosh...to have a room like this... 
Center-parted Half Up Half Down Hairstyle 
Wire Wrapture: Congrats 
Ceramic box, slab built, stoneware, handmade pottery 
Abstract angel and crows back piece. 
Festival Style: Romantic playsuit in cream, charcoal and blush 
I believe everything happens for a reason. Marilyn Monroe Quote Vinyl Wall Art Decal Sticker 
Our Top 16 Most Inspiring Music Festival Fashions | Divine Caroline 
the spacing from the chest to the shoulder are sweet. Too much shoulder for what I want, but this is 
Personalized Porcelain Wedding or by SweetSouthernCompany on Etsy, $15.00 
Creamy Ham 
Cute Templates to Use When Writing About Abraham Lincoln and George Washington 
wind string around balloons of various sizes, apply fabric stiffener, let it dry and pop the balloon 
Kitchen Remodel on a Budget: Modern Cottage  A good post to refer to when we go to redo our kitchen  
Piss Off  Black Cat A4 illustration giclee by LauraGeeIllustration, ??15.00 
BEST thing for CROUP!! I hate CROUP. My grandma told me about this 10 years ago when my then 2 year  
Whale squirters - super cute and fun - Glad Mason is a summer baby! 
Pallet Project: Kitchen Herb Planter Box.... found at Walmart by the caulk 
Handpainted If You Dont Like Dirt Racing sign / by HandmadeNWA, $23.00 
Behavioral Interventions--For Kids!: Monster, Be Good! A book about impulsivity 
10 Mason Jar Salads 
Many versions of self watering containers, also known as self watering grow boxes, self watering pot 
Training Manual for Livestock Guardian Dogs 
8 ways to make a small garden look big 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
Yellow 
An elegant summer treat, these dreamy no bake blackberry bars are??infused with fresh berry sweetnes 
Make a physical activity cube for restless kids. | 25 Clever Classroom Tips For Elementary School Te 
10 Tips for Breastfeeding Moms Who Pump at Work 
axial wraith rc rock crawler 
Meadows Moments ?? Stacy Meadows Photography Blog ?? What to Wear Fall Family Beach Session Navy Str 
Inspirational Quote: forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, Audrey Hepburn, 
Whip up a fresh look for your kitchen with this classy, light-stitching design on tea towels, aprons 
Pink Roses Picture Frame,Nursery Decor,Girl Room,baby,photo,shabby cottage chic 
Betsey Johnson Having a Field Daisy Handbag by Betsey Johnson - Floral, Chain, Pink, Tan / Cream, Pa 
120327Gourmet mint green tea ice cream by ChrisHynesPhoto, via Flickr 
Hahahaha! This could so go in my kitchen!! Eat like no one is watching. Or dance. Whatever. 
Wedding hair updo that would look great with and without the veil 
Bonnie Gammill: Color Cloud | Paper Party 
?????? 
Dr. Woo is a tattoo artist at Shamrock Tattoo in Hollywood, California.Takes a minimalist approach u 
KEEP CALM AND LISTEN TO ADAM LAMBERT 
Mommy Testers sure did fill up her Big Help Book Drive Donation Box! 
Etnia Cosmetics Campaign | Beautifully simple and graphic campaign photographed by Jose Morraja. Con 
ORIGINAL pencil drawing 12 x 8 on WHITE paper of BALLERINA by Ewa Gawlik. 
Stained concrete floor in a neutral brown. Defiantly easy care and amazing. Love this finish. Not to 
Infinity bracelet with hubby 
35 New Wedding Hairstyles to Try - MODwedding 
DIY nursing bras... for future reference (or for any friends who are expecting or currently have a n 
ABC memory Matching game for all generation. It is educational and entertaining game. It has simple  
For dancing later-if on the beach we could decorate with shells-how cute! 
Vintage Ringmaster and Lion Photo Prop - Carnival or Circus Themed Event Decoration and Party Prop 
Modest Dresses---vintage, glamourous, and oh-so-sweet! Love the yellow chambray skirt and the lace-y 
A Granny a Day website-- 365 granny squares over the course of 2011 ??? very pretty 
Quotes About Books - Book Quotes - Country Living 
Wedding Centerpieces Tall large calla lilies Med cymbidium orchids  Shortest dendrobium orchids 
jimmy buffett tailgate ideas | yes, my fellow parrotheads, jimmy buffett did rock charlotte yesterda 
How to make your own fruit flower arrangements :) 
Romantic curly up do for medium length hair 
Maid of Honor Guide 
Emily shows you how to make a cheese platter!  Cupcakes 
Mason Jar Craft Ideas | Top 15 Most Creative DIY Mason Jar Craft Ideas ... 
face painting 
DIY busy board full of switches, latches, and doo-dads for babies and toddlers to manipulate. 
Photo 1 of 64: Shades of Pink 
Second Grade Common Core Writing Curriculum...WHHHAAATTTTTTTTYTTYTT?!?!? This is deff worth my $$$ 
Wisconsin string craft. Love! Making this for the rec room! 
Ed, Edd n Eddy by ssgba1380 
Pink and Silver Wedding 
elephant quilt 
illustration fashion sketch bangles bracelet hand algun dia me saldra una mano asi de bella lol! 
skinny peanut butter swirl brownies., here is the actual link and recipe after clicking 5 different  
Printable Nursery Wall Art, Scripture Quote Bible Verse, fishers of men, matthew 4:19, nautical blue 
Red Velvet Crinkle Cookies: certain to be a hit at your holiday gatherings (vegan). 
House In A Box | Homes Delivered and Constructed On-Site (Homes with character!) 
A delicious Italian Tomato Sauce recipe that has been around for generations.  This is a recipe that 
Counter corners!! 
Ryley calls me this all the time. Now I can say thank you when he does lolol 
Short Bob Hairstyles Front Back photo:  hayden-panettiere-netflix.jpg 
13 GIFs Of Pranksters Spooking Perfectly Innocent Non-Pranksters 
canning pickles..bread 
Create Your Own Perfect Bucket List - My Modern Met 
I want my hair these colors!!! 
take note printable--perfect to go with post-it pad gift for teacher appreciation 
How to Ganache a Cake - Sweetness 
Save your sanity with these eighteen 30 Minute Mexican Recipes - perfect for weeknights, busy schedu 
What are the steps of a facial?   1 . Cleansing 2 . Exfoliating 3 . Steaming 4 . Using a facial mask 
Making this for Bella 

Crockpot Chicken Pot Pie is so easy to make, but it tastes great. It is also a $5 dinner! 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
Two Sasters: Letter of the week - L 
no guitar for me, but love the bridge 
Bling! Pawsitive Reflection Pet Urn 
Teacher Appreciation Pencil Burlap Door Hanger Decoration HUGE - Polka Dots Back to School Vertical. 
Laundry basket dresser so that it uses less floor space in your college dorm room. 
Hang catchalls on the inside of the door. | 25 Lifehacks For Your Tiny Closet 
Loving these Tiffany blue wellies! Adorable. 
Balayage brunette - gorgeous both straight and curly 
Cozy up your bedroom just in time for the chilly weather. 
black bed frame 
Newborn Harvest Pumpkin Hat Photography Prop. $25.00 USD, via Etsy. 
The Garden Grazer: 12 Must-Try Fresh, Colorful Salads 
love the colors! @ Adorable Decor : Beautiful Decorating Ideas!Adorable Decor : Beautiful Decorating 
make it into a jeep and use those press lights as head lights and night lights 
more complex than what we need but it lots of good ideas can be taken from it. 
Calligraphy Envelopes Wedding Invitations Custom. $1.50, via Etsy. 
DIY Craft Projects using Old Shutters - Trash to Treasure 
- 
Stitching black lace dress 
PIN THIS NOW! There are sooo many cute hairstyles on this blog 
Serve these highly flavored apple rings as a side with pork or chicken. We liked this recipe with Gr 
Fingerprint Guest Ideas for Wedding, Birthday, Showers... using different formats 
Beautiful plus size model . . . wish I looked this good in shorts 
take a photo-turn in to high contrast image on computer program-copy onto transparency-create collag 
Resource Room Roundabout: Special Education Communication Logs 
How to clean fake plants. 
Peanut Butter Protein Cookies - made with protein powder 
Deesigns by Nina Dee: Wedding Wishes - made with doily dress - tutorial on Card Tutorials, Hints 
In general, thin lapels are more modern. Wide lapels are more old-school, Mad Men style. | 27 Unspok 
10 Unconventional Habits to Live Distraction-Less 
Anti-Inflammatory 1 cup organic strawberries 1/2 cup packed organic basil leaves 1 organic lime, pee 
kitchen bench top - mix granite with marl be and white kitchen with chrome handles 
tulipnight:  Last Brilliance by Andy 58 
make your own fancy greeting cards with needle and thread! 
Minds in Bloom: Research Project Folders 
Funnel-neck Pullover PINK  JF-329-215 (Q10) This slim fit is addictively soft and perfect for every  
Sweet Tea and Cornbread: Southern Fruit Tea! 
riddles that get you thinking 
The Only Beauty Products (and Tips!) You Need for a Camping Trip 
Cowgirl Party! - July 2010 Birth Club - BabyCenter 
4th of July tutu dress- oh my goodness!!!!!! 
Cath??drale Notre-Dame, Paris, France 
My list is endless. All my accomplishments today are all results of that first running step I took a 
daisy cake 
I really like her hair 
If I were ever to have a Star Wars party, this cake would be a necessity. 
Vintage waves, this is by far my favourite hairstyle, and its so easy! Just part your hair into a de 
8 Fun Ways to Display Photos at Your Wedding ... | All Women Stalk 
supernatural tumblr posts | originally from mirallegri reblogged from malumlupus permalink posted .. 
Toy Story 
Love this party! Clever Super Mario Brothers Party Ideas. My friend Sarah threw me a baby shower tha 
Egg Sausage 
Obese individuals have trouble figuring out where to start with their weight loss. These 6 bodyweigh 
Space saver. Little built in cubbies. I would love to have one of these. 
st. armands circle, sarasota florida 
Painting for kids room 1 set (3 painting) for baby shower 
Blue gray cabinets - pretty with the cream color counter. My cabinets are painted this color! LOVE.  
These shoes are Jack Rogers. They might look like an ordinary sandal, but they are so much more and  
A New Twist On Prefab Home Design - Time to Build  Spectacular Modern Plan 
a lot going on here, but it would be a very comfortable place for big families and kids, dogs, guest 
What moms really want for mothers day. 
Family Reunion Game Idea {Jeopardy!} How well do you know your family? {Tutorial from OneCreativeMom 
cowgirl nursery art prints decor pink tan horse by KalasKorner, 
doctor who memes | Ramblings of a Cellist Nerd: Doctor Who Meme - Day 08 - A Who-Related ... 
gothic garden shed 
Great countertop to update a rental apartment kitchen countertop...Updating Your Kitchen Counters on 
Love is in the air, and it smells like coffee Coffee lovers?????? 
Computer Center Sign - make a list of listen to read options 
forthe back yard, love the hanging bird cages 
outdoor family portrait ideas - Google Search 
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
long dark hair with peek a boo highlights | Blue peek-a-boo highlights by Sonia 
Remember Insulins in Five Minutes --- Have you ever wondered how your classmates were able to memori 
19 Things America, Canada, And The U.K. Cannot Agree On - little racy language though haha 
Paint colors from Chip It! by Sherwin-Williams 
This is a cool design because the bear face appears to be pixelated. Also I like the use of many dif 
mickey mouse baby shower ideas | 
Looking for simple yet fun nails? Check out these shimmering champagne nails for inspiration! Visit  
Golden Brown...I really, really like this color...I am thinking of this shade for me...Thinking real 
Craft Ideas for the Disney Princess on a Budget! Mickey Mouse flower pots... 
Boys Over Flowers Quotes x) This was by far one of the BEST parts of the series 

Elbow patched cardigan 
okay so are we like redoing your bedroom because that would be fun fun fun!! i hve a ton of great id 
Lake McDonald, Glacier National Park 
7 super baby play ideas | BabyCentre Blog 
My famous Sloppy Joes! Mmmm! Best recipe ever. 
Mura Online Fashion Boutique | Bisous Playsuit 
Painted mugs. How to turn cheap and ugly into chic, using just some paint and your oven. 
10 Ways to Upcycle Cereal Boxes!  I think perfect for they odd bathroom drawers for makeup! 
Love ancient Egyptian artwork...It is said that Egyptian doctors, before operating, wacked the patie 

Review: Small Apartment Hacks - Organize, decorate, entertain! 
Sunset Hill- Micro-Modern - contemporary - Bathroom - Seattle - Whitney Architecture love everything 
Handmade Boxer Dog Jewelry. 925 Sterling Silver by TinyBling 
Resume by Elke Spelters, via Behance 
How To Choose The Right Hair Style For Your Face Shape 
Riding Boots under $100 
This is an amazing cake, i know a chick who could do something this awesome @vanessasimerskey 
Preschool  Safari Theme activities and printables 
Mason Jar Measuring Cups - World Market for $12.99. I GOTTA HAVE THIS!!!! I LOVE IT!!!!! 
Your girl would love nothing more than to come home and see something like this waiting for her. 
Wedding accessory groom boutonniere burlap rustic by LeFlowers, $19.00 
great idea for a mudroom right in your garage. Why even step foot in the house with those muddy boot 
lil wayne. 
sweet potatoes stuffed with chipotle black beans and corn and other black bean recipes - nearly all  
ermahgerd I absolutely love all of these! Every girl needs combat boots! You can wear them with ever 
Steps  1To make a butterfly, dip your thumb in some paint. Press it against the paper diagonally, on 
I like the big toe, I would do solid colors for the others. 6/30 cruise?? Sounds like a plllllan. @K 
I like these sorta messy updos with braids mixed in. Bridal hair or bridesmaid? 
Roasted Carrots 
Lovely gypsy touch to any summer outfit. 
208 Duecento Otto. Set in the Hong Kong???s artsy Sheung Wan quarter, this Italian restaurant with a 
Cardboard Tube Olaf: Snowman from Frozen by Amanda Formaro of Crafts by Amanda 
Ohmygoodness, if Baby Meyer is a girl, I am TOTALLY making this outfit for her! 
I am so doing this for my kiddos who ALWAYS forget their backpack!r! 
How To Repair, Remodel, 
1/2 inch Ombre Rose Plugs Organic Wood 12 mm by esanany on Etsy, $20.50 
Dream a Little Bigger - Dream a Little Bigger Craft Blog - DIY for cats :D 
Love these gold dotted bed sheets. But I need them! They would be perfect for the gold and pink room 
One Hour Rolls ... light and fluffy       1 Hour Rolls  recipe from my sister-in-law Maggie    In a  
The Correct Dimensions for Images on Different Social Networks -- at least for now! (2014) 
Deco Mesh, Bow, Bow Making, Poly Deco Mesh, Tutorial, DIY, Holiday Bow, Wreath 
Super thick, super fudgy, 
How to Handle Challenging Behaviors in the Classroom 
Wine Bottle Craft: Textured Beach Vase by @Amanda Snelson Formaro Crafts by Amanda 
Garden Tea party by Styling Elegance 
white cc rasp mini cheesecakes 
Cheesy Ranch Chicken - Easy and quick.  Use less Ranch to lower the sodium. 
Are you looking to make some extra cash fast? Here are 11 surprising money making ideas that will he 
Greek Marinated Chicken 
Top 10 Most Wanted Nail Art Tutorials 
Homemade honey body wash: a bit of honey, some coconut oil.... Get the how-tos. 
Condo Patio Design Ideas, Pictures, Remodel, and Decor - 
Printable DIY Blue and Brown Teddy Bear Theme Personalized Boy Baby Shower Invitation. $12.00, via E 
| sunnykelss | 
Fitted black 
AWESOME printables for teaching preschool at home. :)  I keep Noah busy here...lol 
Harry Potter Party Decoration Ideas - Making horcruxes 
Beefy mexican cornbread- my Mother made this alot. We loved this with salad is a complete meal. 
Blue 
5 Ways to Strengthen Your Liver: !) no alcohol or OTC painkillers (tylenol is deadly) 2) lots of lem 
Apple Sauce Muffins  3c all-purpose flour 3 eggs 1 cups brown sugar 1/2 cup oil 2 cups applesauce 1  
Here are some writing prompts for your Insects Theme!These are a part of my Insects Unit!... 
TABLE NAMES INSTEAD OF NUMBERS! - Each table was named with airplane pilot lingo and set in a bejewe 
glass windows to side 
20 Cutest Photoshoots For Your Baby Boys First Birthday 
Watercolor And Acrylic Paintings | XXL Abstract Acrylic Painting large Canvas art Cherry Tree Red Bl 
From yuck to WOW!!! 
10 Best Summer Party Favors | Camille Styles 
Make an incredibly easy play fort with a box fan. | 36 Little Hacks That Will Make Parenting So Much 
Antelope stair runner 
Polymer clay diaries: Spirits of trees I have some great driftwood - am going to try and create some 
Strawberry Cheesecake Chimichangas Instagram:GraterolKaren Twitter:GraterolKaren Pinterest:GraterolK 
landscaping around above ground pools | Landscaping around base of Intex Ultra Frame pools ??? Above 
This bathroom tile is DIVINE! 
How To Treat Chin Blackheads? 
???As a team you grow together, play together, fight together and train every single day together.?? 
tips for installing peel 
Tender chicken strips coated in sweet coconut flakes and baked til crispy! 
I love maps 
Pink Unicorn Ring by Modernaked on Etsy, $49.00 
??? New York City Quote from former NYC Mayor, Ed Koch ??? 
And this Snapchat, which proves magic is everywhere. EVERYWHERE. | 24 Snapchats That Are Way More Cl 
pinterest vbs weird animals | Crepe Paper Sea Weed ( User upload to Pinterest) 
Recalling a Hero: Roberto Clemente Walker: Puerto Rican professional baseball player. Major League B 
Bridal Jewelry  Pearl set  Sterling Silver  by QueenMeJewelryLLC, $99.00 
floral summer romper 
Korean BBQ Sauce | Fabtastic Eats 
Yes!Yes!Yes!Yes! 
Adorable 
Antilles Scalloped Detail Lace Dress 
Fallen by Lauren Kate | Community Post: 15 YA Books That Need Be Made Into Movies 
When someone spoils the ending of a book. | 17 Problems Only Book Lovers Will Understand 
First Grandchild Poem for GRANDMA- PERSONALIZED Larger Photo Poem Blocks on Etsy, $22.50 
Lovely DIY for scented homemade bath salts (using essential oils).  Wonderful!   6 parts coarse sea  
miiniature fairy gardens | 33 Miniature Garden Designs, Fairy Gardens Defining New Trends in ... 
Apricot mango jam  prep time: 10 MIN cook time: 15 MIN total time: 25 MIN  INGREDIENTS:  320g aprico 
New Womens Brogue Lace Up Low Thick Heel Oxfords Retro Boat Shoes US Size 5 11 | eBay 
senior pose - shoot from front 

letter filler ideas I like the ideas of the letters...i should hand draw them though ...Inspiration  
Luna Leggings Style | Try a sweet little romper for your sweet little one! 
In this post she describes how she made the cloud shelves... just cut the cloud shape out of white f 
Interesting writing activity that could be done in a variety of shapes 
Aguas frescas served in a styrofoam cup will always be a throwback to Sunday outings after misa. | 3 
Cotton Candy Martini. Pink Layer: Tequila Rose, Cotton Candy Vodka Blend with Ice. Blue Layer: Cocon 
House Plan 21-323 Love the grey siding with red door. Would have to completely redesign the floor pl 
Graduation Cupcakes - these are so cute, very clever decoration 
Urban Decay Naked Palette 2 - very pretty. I used blackout as bottom liner and used a gold liner on  
ocean bathroom design | Beach House DecoratingBeach House Decorating.   Love This! 
Walt Disney World tips and tricks, may be useful, but i am going with the Disney expert- aunt terri! 
fb72cd8f8fd9798ab77ff6bbc91b31a7 
Apple crates display case... Walmart carries these crates for $10 ea.. 
2 Ingredient Pumpkin Cookies (plus icing) mix spice cake mix and can of pumpkin. Dollop on pan. Bake 
Turkey and Zucchini Burgers with a great sour cream sauce - you can make these as appetizers - just  
Dolls Kill The Legend Dairy Bag | Dolls Kill... ANG, this is the Unicorn Milk... Its a purse, If you 
Cabela???s Outfitter Wall Tents by Montana Canvas : Cabelas 
21 Day Fix Cauliflower Crust Pizza | Geniabeme Beauty Blog 
Kate Spade 
Splurge vs Steal: ELF Makeup Dupes You Can*t Resist -- wow, I was surprised at a lot of these. If I  
Will You Marry Me Mug Unique Proposal by SomethingBlueBridals 
i like the two lamps behind the sofa??? and then maybe move the standing lamp next to the coffee tab 
Painting doors - benjamin moore graphite. 
Louboutin Pigalle Plato Pumps in Souris - Beyond the Rack 
amazing work of makeup artist Karla Powell for her Pop Art inspired make-up series 
Only liked the left delicate watercolor feather tattoo, not the one on the right 
Neat idea for a themed birthday or Summer birthday party! 
Sleepless in DIY Bride Country : Wedding Checklist 
How to wrap the inside of a USPS box for care packages. This would have been awesome to have earlier 
Easy DIY Map-covered Candle:       1. Tear strip of map long enough to wrap around base of candle 2. 
Avengers Lookbook. I want to wear them all! (I really really do!) more hawkeye of course 
A little craft store rack will hold hair accessories for a little girl???s bathroom. | 51 Game-Chang 
15 End of the Year Teacher Gifts 
I love ankle boots.  I do not love it when my legs look short and/or fat.  Enter this blog post: 10  
1238076_406635682770856_2113090438_n.jpg 600??527 pixels 
Paper Pinwheels, love this idea could make them into center pieces / table markers 
SWEET MEXICAN CORN CAKE    Oo goodness I love this stuff, I always ask for an extra side of it at re 
tiffany and co. -- i know too many girls that would LOVE this, must do one day! 
Our 1968 Airstream remodel. We design and build custom Airstream Travel Trailer remodels for private 
21 Joys Of Having A Work BFF 
Original Painting Abstract Modern Art Large Textured by SusiUhlArt, $195.00 
Tribal gypsy  sari silk and bead wrap bracelet  / by quisnam, $51.00 
Elmers glue and tie dye. It Works!!! I made cute tees for the Girl Scouts Rock the Mall doing this. 
a rollerball recipe for deoderant 
Another great idea for a Pirates themed birthday party!!! Crocodile blood... A.k.a. Fruit punch lol 
Molly Ringwald shares her Jazz Favourites to celebrate both her birthday and her fascinating intervi 
How to Remove Mod Podge When Your Project is a Fail 
Kaytucky Chicken.  AWESOME!  Fun, different, fancy (?).  Gonna make this method for sure!  Thanks Ka 
FOR MOM Primitive Wood Sign No Home Is Complete by scaredycatprimitives, $8.00 
The Monster High A Pack of Trouble Set includes four dolls: Clawdeen Wolf, Clawd Wolf, Clawdia Wolf, 
Article: ???SpaceX Aborts Thanksgiving Rocket Launch Due to Engine Trouble??? and ???Space-Art??? Ga 
Page 8 - When You See It... pay attention to the bottom picture 
Love the creamy off whites with punches of blue. Love the window treatment and graphic pillows. Gorg 
High Waisted Shorts 
Scottish Castles open to the public.....good to know for my trip to Scotland 
the cool stars I saw at the school ?????construction paper works great to make these match with any  
Start a budget quickly and easily without spreadsheets for forms. Follow this simple guide to the ca 
Personalized Toiletry Bag | Community Post: 20 Wedding Favors They Might Actually Want 
Slytherin House Rules | Tumblr 
Quick and stunning granny square blanket with an adorable picot border. This pattern calls for Lion  
Andy Whitfield R.I.P. - SPARTACUS  He was such a wonderful actor. I loved him as SPARTACUS!!! 
30 Clever Tattoos That Make Good Use Of The Body. Number 8 is Amazing. 
This lovely lace blouse pairs perfectly with these Ariana Shorts you can find on our website! 
Vanilla pudding with green food coloring...  Topped with crushed oreos.  Draw on clear cup with blac 
Everything about this look is grand. 
Best Curly Short Haircuts - This is super cute and sassy 
Framed Birch Tree Art | ... visiting Utah in September, I fell in love with these beautiful trees 
Breakfast Room 
Double Heart Scarlet / Apple Red And White Wedding Garters 
Gold, pink and white 
Click on for photo inspiration of Glass Lamp Filler Ideas 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAGAGAGGAAHAHAHAHAHAHA, yes. 
Is anywhere more relaxing than Taft Point in Yosemite? | 32 Reasons California Is The Most Beautiful 
Item No: RIN008  Item: genuine freshwater pearl ring  Pearl shape: near round button  Pearl size:8-9 
This is how I love to wear my matte eyeshadows  ???All MAC??? -Highlight: Mylar -Crease: ... | Use I 
Love this idea for decorating 
1pcs Fading Tree tattoo poemtic spring - InknArt Temporary Tattoo - set wrist quote tattoo body stic 
Champagne-Soaked Strawberries, I did the fresh pineapple in the coconut rum last summer, will have t 
16x20 gallery wrapped canvas.. A whimsical canvas painting of a pop-art style bright yellow flower. 
I laughed too hard at this! 
For the Love of Learning: DIY Counting Activity - Simple 
Italian Stuffed Peppers with rice, beef, spaghetti sauce, etc...going to use some left over turkey o 
Baby shoes from lacecovered beige leather by Vibys on Etsy. , via Etsy. 
Cilantro Lime Mahi Mahi Recipe Handful cilantro, 2 T butter, 1T garlic, juice of lime, 1 t sea salt. 
this is the color scheme I love for the boys room! 
Camping invitation  Camping party invitation by 2birdstudios, $20.00 
Pixie Hill 
Pretty 
SHOWER CURTAIN Custom MONOGRAM Personalized Bathroom Decor Flower Burst Pattern Aqua Gray Coral Bath 
American Girl Doll Clothes Crocheted Pink Poncho by Lavenderlore 
This is so cute. The colors go together very nicely, and being in front of the window gives it a pea 
The Red Velvet Cheesecake Cupcake from Starring Rolls in Disney Hollywood Studios.  Recipe created b 
Strawberry Cheesecake Salad. Ready in an hour with cheesecake pudding mix, Cool Whip, yogurt, fresh  
Hey, I found this really awesome Etsy listing at 
jz- AWESOME, easy to understand tutorial on how to make cute calendar stickers that look legit!  DIY 
Candy Apple Frappuccino - 15 New Secret Starbucks Drinks for Fall and Winter 
CHANDANA kudde svart | Pillow | Pillow | Kuddar | Inredning | INDISKA Shop Online 
Margherita Pizzas on the Grill- Great way to use all of your fresh, summer tomatoes.  Perfect, thin  
Most adorable 
Guitar string jewelry 
mini salads 
DIY Graduation Decor or any kind of decor - so easy looking to put together!! Possible try for E 13t 
10 DIY projects perfect for young families @Liz Mester Mester Mester Herrin @Sarah Chintomby Chintom 
in for the kill 
The Grinch Santa 
Take a ziplock bag, place masking tape along the side, and punch holes in it. Place in student noteb 
Funny Pictures of the day 214 (51 pict) | Funny pictures 
Purple Polka Dot Birthday Banner/Prop Set on Etsy, $42.00 Sofia the first 
Portobello Fries with Meyer Lemonnaise : theviewfromgreatisland 
Bake chicken tenders on a cookie sheet to use in recipes thoughout the week--salads, quesadillas, sa 
love it! Need to do this on the corners of the French doors leading into the living room! 
The 19 Best Cards To Send To Someone Who Hates Their Job 
great online games and resources for teaching about the Civil War 
teanager posts - Google Search 
Harry Potter 
25 Straight Short Hairstyles 2014 ??? 2015 ??? Latest Bob HairStyles 
How to separate the layers of a DVD -goes with birdbath CD Mosaic project. 
purple 
Fluorite is the mineral form of calcium fluoride, CaF???. It belongs to the halide minerals. It crys 
Good use of plants to break up solid green grass front yard  Landscape Your Entire Front Yard 
Pancake Pops | Community Post: 40 Creative Food Hacks That Will Change The Way You Cook 
Stunning! Driftwood   vision = true horse! Amazing! by Heather Jansch 
Arrow baby leggings baby girl pants toddler leggings tribal balck and white hearts handmade wholesal 
He is inside, she is outside with light hitting the window so only what is in her shadow shows up 
I will never eat at McDonalds ever, ever again. Clowns were scary enough already.... 
Mississippi Sin Dip..made this for Thanksgiving and it was gone in an hour! 
The Hush Chemise by Amanda M. Williams - available in a range of sizes, this lace top can be knit wi 
You will need a horse...or two at a Shabby Cowgirl Wedding. 
Inspired by Mexico in the 1880s, this typeface is inspired by Porfirio D??az and his love affair wit 
15 Homemade Dog Treats (For Sitka) 
A Modern Coral and Navy Wedding 
VIOLET // Hair Post 
Funny Pictures Of Animals | Fun Claw: Funny Animal Pictures With Captions - 20 Pics 
Kookie Cookies-- Fritos and Peanut Butter, Salty and Sweet.  Got to try this! 
Travel Light 
simple elephant tattoo - Google Search 
Brette: Picture idea - picture together before wedding without seeing each other 
olive crop pants, black/white stripe shirt, brown leather jacket, nude shoes. OMG this outfit is per 
Telling Time Anchor Chart Idea 
Trendy nail polish 2013-2014 
Party favor idea... could be dangerous for a bunch of 1-year olds :) also birthday idea- games to pl 
Hippie Style || looks like a tank I already have   I have a plum floppy hat = outfit made. 
Pa??uelos, el accesorio de moda para tu pelo - Paperblog 
SU Word Play and pretty DSP - simple and cute birthday card 

angenuity: Photography: Maternity photo-shoot inspiration 
2 hollow core doors (Home Depot for $25 each)  4 shelving units (WalMart for $16 each)  Primer and p 
little girl hairstyles for short hair - Little Girl Hairstyles ... 
Mission period Yellow House. Very much like my house in Lancaster.  I had it painted the same yellow 
Jordan Baker, The Great Gatsby | 14 Compelling Female Characters Who Need Their Own Spin-Off Novels 
Beyonce Hairstyles: Lovely Hair Knot 
chile con queso without the processed junk! Update: overall, okay. Needed a LOT of doctoring. Added  
Baseball table lamp by Midwestclassiccrafts on Etsy, $49.95 
A Little Napkin Folding Tutorial 
Wear with new Sorel boots. Nike comfy and easy casual pant fashion 
This could be fun...create a tree using each of the water color techniques. Salt, dabbing, splatter, 
Get the tightest abs ever! 
Step Up 2: The Streets (2008)  Watch this movie for inspiration. The dancing is awesome! 
How to Make a Bucket into a Bird House 
The apple pie ice cream recipe I used to christen our Kitchen Aid ice cream maker.  It was a complet 
Snowball ornament 
Cuddle kitties... 
Mount of Olives and the Church of all Peoples.  Jerusalem, ISRAEL 
Beautiful table setting with hurricane lamps and tall vases of babys breath. 
curly faux hawk--OMG....I WILL be do I need this do once my hair is long enough again. Rock it out!! 
Please go with me... my hand is out, just take it!! I love you!!! 
Unbelievable blue eyes!.....and hands...and fingers...and lips....and nose.....list goes on...... 
Outlaw Cowl :))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))) 
4 Simple Exercises For Your Sexiest Thighs Ever this is Great SHOWS YOU HOW TO DO THE EXERCISE 
Top Ten Blog: Top Ten Do-It-Yourself Projects | Her Campus 
I want to do this - Rockslide at Big Canoe | North Georgia 
Little LDS Ideas: {Young Women} Chapstick Handout 
Christian Louboutin 
Gray and green nursery: I like how simple it is, not overdone.  No paint color listed though. 
New cr7 boots 
Locket Plugs 3/4 Inch 19mm by arksendeavors on Etsy. You can put a photo in it or (you can put your  
Monkey Tattoos Designs Picture 26 - Mobile 
Avocado and Greek Yogurt Chicken Salad - 140 calories and 4 weight watchers points plus 
35 Gorgeous Wedding Cakes from Talented The Cake Whisperer - MODwedding 
When all else fails print art print quote by DimpleLanePrints, $18.00 
MATH FACT FLUENCY!! 23 different sets of fact fluency cards!! 
Learn how to properly make an elegant springtime garland. | 33 Irresistibly Spring DIYs 
Cute Nail Design, love the neutral with glitter ! 
heart shaped sparklers and other wedding stuff 
The BunkHouse.  Aww we already made the baby room superhero themed.  Maybe I should just get it for  
cornice over valances | ... feel to any window with this wooden valance over at Beauty 4 Ashes 
Ideas for boys birthday party 
none 
How to play glow in the dark basketball!  It is a hybrid between dodge ball and basketball with flas 
LEGO Furniture Instructions | Brown Office Desk w/ keyboard, mouse, monitor 
Industrial Piercing Ideas! WHERE CAN I GET THIS??? 
Top 15 Short and T-Shirt Summer Outfit ??? Latest Spring Street Style Fashion Trend Blog - HoliCoffe 
good one day painting project...do something easy (step by step) like this to teach the physical pro 
LOVE her HAIR!..this is the style i wish i could pull off!!! 
A great problem solving template for word problems! This would work great for simultaneous RoundTabl 
Pergola Awning over Garage Doors by FBN Construction 
LittleCats Kindergarten: plants 
Colorful Lake House tour filled with tons of great DIY ideas!  Love that sign! 
Nautical Weddings Sailor Anchor Charm with Swarovski Pearl Bracelet from EarringsNation Gold Rose Go 
Jasmine Bridal Mother of the Bride/Groom Dress Jade Couture Style K178010 in Black. An elegant optio 
Fruit roll up sushi - I LOVE FOOD THAT LOOKS LIKE OTHER FOOD 
oh my gosh i may paint the front door orange, why not?!  i am really stepping out of my comfort zone 
Lindsey Renee Talks With 
46 Funny E-Cards!! LOL!! OH yeah - I hung this up on my wall at work! 
Creative writing prompts to inspire writers of all genres...blog 
Superhero Running Tutu: Robin Inspired Custom Racing Tank and Pixie Length (9 inch) Tutu 
preschool spring crafts | Only a few ingredients are needed for this food craft, along with a ... 
Cajun Snapper - Red beans and rice along with Creole seasoning bring a Cajun flair to this red snapp 
Funny Pictures, mom joke, bedtime joke, clean humor, orange is the new black 
MOH duties: make personalized wine glasses for bachelorette party. Great for a wine-themed bachelore 
nursing memes | Nursing memes. 
Spray paint a metal trash can and flip over for an instant side table. 
Tire Swing - Miniature Garden Shoppe . Note that link has a list of plants for miniature gardens 
Pina Colada Cake Recipe ~ Moist and delicious...  one of the most scrumptious cakes you will ever ta 
Easy Salted Caramel Fudge | 21 Kinds Of Fudge To Make For Someone You Love 
Learn how to make this super easy tutu in 20 minutes!  Includes sizing chart. Must Pin!  DIY No Sew  
Moving for Cheap: How We Moved To A New City For Under $200 
Tutu sizing chart with tutorial on how to make a tutu in 20 minutes! 
Guide for beginners who want to backpack europe, PART 1 :) 
Mother of the Bride Dresses - Mother of the Groom Dresses | Wedding Planning, Ideas 
It would be cute with another heart next to it with the feet - poem...ten fingers, ten toes...mother 
Watercolor Mug. Might be cool to mask it, too, or stencil in afterward 
Jelly fish for our ocean! Gretch we have to try this :) 
Artist : Sun Lijuan  This delicate and colorful hand embroidery silk art interpretation of a symboli 
pipecleaner stethoscope.  Maybe pom poms for ears.  Pipecleaners near ears could be a little dangero 
. 
How to Build a Pond 
Kpop Snaps! | Mark (mark_tuan) on instagram - A bit late but thank you all for the birthday wishes!  
A Dr. Seuss party! To celebrate when he was born, because that is one more party you can fit in for  
We have been on a roll of dining out WAY too much lately. It is killing our budget 
Paper mache owl tutorial.  Amazing paper mache and paper clay blog with recipes, ideas, and great tu 
Alton Brown???s Stove Top Macaroni 
Just had to pin this... Disney couples with their kids! 
LOVE LOVE LOVE! Would look so great as an installation! Maybe when kids finish early they can do mor 
Alice in Wonderland cosplay of the White Queen! - 10 Mirana, White Queen Cosplays 
Garden Potting Station.Well how clever is this? Made from a old rusty wagon.I could see this hanging 
She closed her eyes and leaned back, expecting no arms there to catch her. Nothing but water and rel 
A love letter from your shadow By Nandi Hetenyi.  These words are so vital. 
The German Shorthaired Pointer and Her Owlet | The 21 Most Touching Interspecies Friendships You Nev 
The center island for jewelry is a must in a luxurious walk in closet! 
Loose mermaid waves 
MamaEatsClean: Vega One Chocolate Chia Smoothies - Helping me with the transition to the Candida Die 
Basketball Quotes for Girls | Girlie Girl Originals - Basketball - Color Caribbean Blue T-Shirts 
homemade fajita seasoning 
cubicle ideas | Ask Annie: How Do I Live Simply In A Cubicle? | Live Simply By ... 
Jellyfish made from strips of colored crepe paper for a summer theme in the classroom. 
Purple Dress. Ombre Dress. Bodycon. Iggy Azalea Style 
26 Bedroom Decor Ideas with Purple Accents. Purple and dark natural colors for living room inspirati 
Young Living Essential Oils: Make 
f47254eec6b77cc5c1c71a4909946ae9.jpg (512??512) 
First Week Ready! {Getting-to-Know You Activities Pack} $ 
333 Reasons Why Being a 90s girl rocked our Jellies Off.  Haha.  This TLC album was so good!  So goo 
Difficult Coloring Pages For Adults - Bing Images 
Cute 3 month Baby Picture Poses | Perrin | 3 months old | Spring Hill, TN Baby Photographer | Jessic 
READY to ship- Chiffon Ruffle Diaper Cover, Ruffle Bum Baby Bloomer , Baby Girl Bloomer -Photo Prop- 
Spring Bar Cart Styling: a mint, pink and gold bar cart display for spring! 
{ leopard and wide straps } 
This is a great idea for curtains, towels, rugs and more.  Hand stamped instructions. 
Ignoring the signs is a good way to end up at the wrong destination 
Non Vegas things to do in vegas 
I just got a cricut expression for christmas-- I LOVE this idea! Just may have to try it out... 
Festive Family Pictures on a Christmas Tree Farm 
twist out using flaxseed gel and shea moisture curl enhancing smoothie. 
Short woman: The cut reinforces her figure-8, maximizing height with nude heels and the upper-cut le 
herringbone tile floors - Google Search....for the laundry room / bathroom 
A Sound Soul - Soul Eater Print by CainVoorhees  10/10 
Custom HandPainted Nike Blazer Mid Galaxy Sneakers by BStreetShoes 
Asparagus Rissoto ... This was awesome!!! I reduced the cheese to 3/4 cup, added S, added extra brot 
P Sherman Finding Nemo tote disney pixar tote bag by rachelwalter, $14.00    Want this for my birthd 
Steve Martin- Amazing banjo player and bluegrass music ambassador 
Harry Potter Quote! 
about 3 2 L bottles of Sprite Zero (or any clear soda)  1-2 pkgs Kool-Aid Twists Ice Blue Raspberry  
coral and beige, minus the 3d art 
Accent the inside of your ride in Mossy Oak camo with this new Auto Interior Skin 
Love black and turquoise together- would prob do all black shoes, and since its strapless, maybe kee 
1 Dozen Hello Kitty Soap Buddies with a sweet Pineapple Sugar Flavor Oh YUM! 
A Peaceful Moment 
Sparkling Strawberry Lime Smoothie Servings: 1 Calories: 130 Weight Watcher Points Plus Value: 2 
shutters-being that my hubbys is from NL...shutters are such a part of Dutch homes. We hope to incor 
Cute idea for a baby shower. Just change the color for a boy. 
After two half marathons, I am still looking for the perfect breakfast to eat for those long runs. P 
how to make fabric headbands - hopefully I can use up some of my fabric scraps this way! 
Mexican Chopped Salad. The freshest, healthiest, most summery salad with lots of Southwestern flair! 
27 Travel Hacks That Will Change the Way You Travel Forever 
Bedroom Color Design Ideas - Colors for Bedrooms - Country Living 
Seaweed Dip for under the sea party - cute enough I just may have to do it! 
Lotus flower print by Green Meadow studio on Etsy, $19.00.  One 8.5 by 11 inch, and one 11 by 14 inc 
Mid Century Modern Eames Retro Limited Edition Print from Original Painting Flamingo Montage 
Plantar Fasciitis yoga for treatment - an OUTSTANDING blog post!! Very excited for my sore foot. 
Wedding Cakes :: Studio Cake Design...hmmm... might borrow this idea. navy ribbon and monogram. Exce 
How to make an Iced Caramel Macciato from home: Just a handful of ingredients, costing right around  
Pina Colada Protein Shake... OBSESSED. So easy, healthy, and now I want to make it every day. 
The true definition of love.  1 Corinthians 13:4-8 
shabby shutter as valance...love this 
Business casual. 
In Curacao, the 11-room Baoase resort offers outdoor showers and baths. An Asian-Dutch fusion influe 
DIY Mercury Glass Tutorial - the best tutorial for this I have seen! 
How cute is this baby goat?    Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww! 
Zebra Safari Nursery Art Zoo Animal. Jungle Theme Kids / Baby Room Decor (painting not a print) 
Floating Illusion Necklace Blue and Pink by SparkleBeastDesign, $30.99 
5 Tips For Natural Curly Hair Care 
Homemade Laminate Floor Cleaner- I just made this and used it on my floors. They look great! I just  
SOCOM Rogue M14 Juggernaut Battle Rifle 
best furry kittens buddies for life 
IC431bensarmom by bensarmom - Cards and Paper Crafts at Splitcoaststampers 
Minimalist Supernatural Poster cosplay by CelestialOtter on Etsy, $16.90 
This website is dangerous.  You can customize your dream house and see how much it costs. 
kaiten:  musasi by DH03 - DH. Go - CGHUB 
Fried Green Tomatoes with Garlic Bacon Buttermilk Sauce 
Journey with Gastroparesis: Recipes 
Nautical Wall Art Sailboat Love Captains Wheel Anchor Navy Red Set of 3 Prints Modern Boy Nursery Ki 
, abandoned 
Hunting themed birthday party. These made laugh out loud when I ... 
RE: Fall Themed Baby Shower 
Ombre Painted mason jars. 
Sweet Cream Filling - 2 c. heavy cream, 2 T. powdered sugar, 1 pkg instant vanilla pudding. Made it, 
Plushie Sewing Pattern PDF Cute Soft Plush Toy - Lulu Baby Giraffe Cuddly Stuffed Animal 16 via Etsy 
Beat the back to school blues!! Teacher gifts, back to school photo ideas, fun stuff for back 
Staying in touch with the Funny Noses: Nerf Wars birthday party: The inspiration 
Alice in Wonderland pin up.... love it 
Homemade Belvita Breakfast Biscuits (Copycat Recipe) 
{an open bookshelf, made from recycled wood. simple and classy.} 
Michael Kors Berkley Logo Large Vanilla Clutches Outlet and hot sale for cheap.... 
Greek Salad Quinoa Bowls | A fresh and delicious lunch or light dinner 
Great Quote for Justin W. Dynamite coach 
bookcase-bi-fold-door. Use bifold door for the end of my built in unit in the bedroom 
Boro glass mini spoon. Super cute blue color changer by PilotGlass, $10.00 
Bora Bora, definitely on my bucket list! 
Aussiedoodle 
Peach Jam Recipe - a GREAT source of info for canning!  Fool proof detailed info for beginners. 
10 Times Gold Spray Paint Made Ikea Products Even Better Already have these chairs... 
Corny Cooler Portable Kegerator - Home Brew Forums 
The Yellow Cape Cod Powder Room I absolutely LOVE the color scheme in this room!  The dark gray with 
10 Fabulous Bridal Shower Menu Ideas 
Could make a bunch of these up quick if needed, so very nice in a very simple manner.  I like the us 
So pretty 
House of Turquoise: Guest Blogger: Luciane from Home Bunch 
Cute idea with same colored buttons. Any shape would be cute for any occasion.  Balloon Heart Star X 
Energy Bars With 3 Healthy Ingredients (to add others as necessary) 
Baked Chicken with Mushroom Sauce ~ This dish is nice enough to serve to company and it comes togeth 
Drinks - tried this Irish Trash Can... and yeap I was def. Trashed.. if you try this one make it jus 
When people travel thousands of miles to Ireland it is natural to want to check out the big cities s 
How to Gain Weight Fast for Women 
Paleo Pancake Recipe - Sweet Potato Apple Cinnamon Pancakes 
[VIDEO] Plus Size Workout - 5 Simple Exercises You Can Do Anywhere 
5 Most affectionate dog breeds 
Neiman Marcus Dip - 6 green onions chopped, 8 oz shredded cheddar, 1 1/2 cups mayonnaise, 1 jar Horm 
bachelorette weekend survival kits 
De LOB is een haartrend die nog wel even blijft plakken, 19 prachtige lange bob kapsels 
Hand-Lettered Happy Birthday Sketch 
Such a cool rock climbing wall in a Rec Room.  Complete with ball pit! 
What Size Area Rug Do You Need? Super helpful post on choosing the right size of rug for your space. 
Crock Pot Mac and Cheese ??? A great meal to make in your crock pot on a busy day. So cheesy and cre 

Calligraphy is an ancient art of handwriting for which people took much pride in creating. This spec 
Master Bath, house plan 73330HS, Craftsman open floor plan 
Just a hedgehog with a raspberry. Just what I always wanted. 
sombre straight hair - Google Search 
Paleo guidelines. crossfit motivation inspiration workout cardio WOD HIIT tabata burpees suck Nike J 
Photos on metal. Simple and inexpensive. This blog show how to make it step by step. 
diy_birthday_ideas ... love the water color.  You can do just about anything with water color!  Livi 
The suggestive. | 14 Noseless GIFs That Will Haunt You 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE the top....but would want a different bottom.  ~SM~ 
I looove old glass bottles. . . the idea of incorporating them into the wedding is great! 
Cinderella Watercolor Art - VividEditions 
smart and simple balcony garden with cabinet turned greenhouse 
1062215_475038115923561_1446806848_n.jpg 541??960 pixels 
The 52 Easiest And Quickest DIY Projects Of All Time 
Strawberries and cream jello shots: 1 cup Whipped Cream flavored Vodka 1 cup water A package of stra 
Baby Shoes// 
depression sad suicidal suicide pain hurt hate broken fat self harm hopeless self hate cut cutting u 
Trans AM Depot Judge GTO 6T9 The Judge SEMA new custom order in eBay Motors | eBay 
This delightful rhyming book proves that a little girl can wear a puffy dress and still be a perfect 
Here is one, a lady with a wolven-headress, will be getting tattooed this weekend.?? Greggletron - 2 
Cute party idea for all my Thirty-One or Initials Inc. consultants. 
Before and after tummy tuck scar covered with a tattoo. 
Pirate Swords for the Goody Bags 
You can write notes and then they will be toasted onto the bread....amazing 
Short aline with pickups, bodice band, and tulle/net under layer in Mossy Oak and black. 
workouts should be fun too, right? this is perfect for getting outside, staying cool, exercising, an 
Facts about weird, intersting weird information WTF Facts : funny, interesting 
tumblr bedrooms - Google Search 
Summer Bucket List Ideas. Learning to play piano or the drums would be first 
CLOSE READ: STEP BY STEP STRATEGIES FOR SUCCESS 
Ole Miss Dorm Bedding | Monograms: the Ultimate Dorm Room Design | Avad Fan 
Pick 4 Fonts: 1. Title/Logo Font (go all out), 2. Content/Paragraph Font (simple, readable), 3. Bold 
Cheese Stuffed 
Navy Floral Maxi Dress Streetstyle 
Printable Bible Verses | Through Clouded Glass 
Sugar Scrub Cubes with printable: *    1/4 cup Almond Oil  1/2 cup Shredded Soap  3-4 drops of Essen 
chocolate covered pretzels | Chocolate Dipped Strawberries 
collar bone INFINITY tattoos | Music Notes Collarbone Tattoo 
I love this bookcase. It looks custom designed but apparently the back of the shelf (the turquoise)  
Learn to make Wire Wrapped Jewelry - Tutorials for Bracelets, Pendants, Rings, Earrings and more 
Nautical Rope Mirrors - The Lilypad Cottage  Made from Hobby Lobby Plate Chargers... 
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse Birthday Party Ideas | Photo 26 of 29 | Catch My Party 
First birthday pictures. 1st birthday pictures. 
NIB NEW 3 PC NIKE BABY BOY BLACK BODYSUIT   BOOTIE   HAT NEWBORN 0-6 MONTHS. 
Smart 
PainTed BeNch, ShaBBy ChiC BeNch, CoTTaGe StYle BenCh, BeD BeNch   * LOCAL PiCK UP * 
LARP costumeLARP costume - Page 51 of 218 - A place to rate and find ideas about LARP costumes. Anyt 
This would be cool for the wine bottle too 
make the favor a donation to an animal shelter...and tell guests with this little doggie treat bag 
Rose Water Pudding: I love Rose Water. Love it bunches. I think I could make this with almond milk a 
Im falling in love with these all white bouquets. Maybe with colorful ribbon? Modern White Wedding B 
Bodell photography: gone fishin: may themed mini sessions. Photo Session Ideas | Props | Prop | Chil 
I love this idea! instead of sticker decals and tons of photo frames try a do it yourself tree. 
DIY Outdoor Bar and Grill - Mine would be WAY smaller but great DIY 
DIY Inexpensive Cabinet Updates- Add Trim, Paint cabinets and hardware 
OPI Youre Such a Budapest..... for real one of my favorite polishes. Wore it 2 weeks straight and wa 
Vintage Marvel comic mirror frame 
Copycat Olive Garden Salad Dressing 
Love the use of color, line, and motif in this print. 
ELA in the middle | Middle School English, Language Arts 
