Cannondale-Garmin waits patiently for the seeds they've planted to bear fruit. 
Gallery: Going from beach to bubbly at the Giro d'Italia. 
Spotted: @LoganVB has details on Giant's new TCR, which Lawson Craddock will ride at @AmgenTOC 
Results: A fast finish to a rough ride in stage 2 of the Giro d'Italia. 
Elia Viviani, winner of stage 2 at the Giro, says he's found new motivation with a new team. 
Veteran racer Tina Pic is mentoring riders from the road instead of from the team car. 
Astana's Fabio Aru is working hard to live up to Italian fans' expectations. 
Coryn Rivera sprints to silver medal at Pan Am Continental Championships, finishing second in the road race behind Cuba's Malies Mejias.
@RickDanielsen From what @LoganVB tells us, it will be auctioned off for the UnitedHeatlthcare Children's Foundation.
Chad Haga Giro Journal: @ChadHaga imagines how the Giro organizer's dreamed up Saturday's sketchy TTT. 
Gallery: Giro d'Italia, stage 1. The fastest cyclists this Italian bike path has ever seen. 
@Rides_FAR Bein Sports is the U.S. broadcaster for the Giro. Depends on your cable company/dish company.
Kirchmann nabbed the win in stage 2 of the women's Tour of California, with Komanski taking over the GC lead

Phil Gaimon's "Cookie Bike" is pro-peloton aero... with a custom cookie-covered paintjob

Plenty of big names, especially in the sprints, but no overwhelming GC favorite in California

Full results from the Giro d'Italia's stage 1 TTT

2015 didn't start out so well for Simon Gerrans, but he has plenty of reason to celebrate now that he's wearing pink

With day 2 of the women's @AmgenTOC getting underway, don't miss the @Voxwomen video preview of the second stage

Video highlights from stage 1 of the @AmgenTOC Women's Race, courtesy of @Voxwomen

Orica-GreenEdge took the win in the opening TTT of the Giro d'Italia, putting Simon Gerrans into the pink jersey

Preview: @Voxwomen takes a look at Saturday's stage 2 of the @AmgenTOC Women's Race. 
41-year-old Alessandro Petacchi is confident he's still got a Giro stage win in his legs

As he sets his sights on the Giro, Adam Hansen is closing in on grand tour history

After an impressive first few months of 2015, the time is right for Porte in his bid to finally take a grand tour win

British nobility comes to California as Sarah Storey lights up the first stage of @AmgenTOC Women's Race. 
Are you ready for the Giro d'Italia? We have everything you need to know about the Corsa Rosa, which starts Saturday. 
Congrats to Becky Neal, who won @AmgenTOC Favorite Memory Essay contest! She wrote about befriending French racer Christophe Laurent in 2007
Strava Labs has a new feature that lets you look at 10 years of @AmgenTOC race routes and KOMs. 
UHC's Katie Hall claims the first stage and first leader's jersey at the @AmgenTOC women's stage race. 
Broadcast of the @AmgenTOC press conference has now begun. LIVE: 
UnitedHealthcare's Katie Hall wins stage 1 of the Amgen Tour of California Women's Race in Lake Tahoe.
George Bennett will not start Giro due to low cortisol levels. LottoNL-Jumbo pulled him from race to comply with MPCC 
The @AmgenTOC press conference starts in 15 minutes. Live broadcast available on VeloNews. 
LottoNL-Jumbo has withdrawn George Bennett from Giro d'Italia due to low cortisol levels, in compliance with MPCC rules.
Campagnolo celebrates the evolution of its derailleurs in a video that gives new meaning to roadside service. 
Hoping to avoid the controversy seen last year on the Stelvio, Giro and UCI agree to extreme weather protocol. 
Step one: Win the Giro. Contador embarks on the Giro-Tour double, a challenge that "will always motivate" him. 
Chad Haga will be penning regular Giro journals this month. Today, @ChadHaga checks in from Sanremo, ahead of stage 1 
How tricky is the Giro's stage 1 TTT? @gcntweet previews the course to find out. 
With the Giro d'Italia kicking off tomorrow, take a look back at 2014 with @BrakeThrough 
Orica is wary of technical Giro TTT. "If there’s any error, it’s going to cause pandemonium,” says Matt White. 
Analysis: What to expect from the 'Fab Four?' @EuroHoody says few grand tour favorites have shown dominant form yet 
Alexis Gougeard (Ag2r La Mondiale) wins stage 3 of Four Days of Dunkerque. Europcar's Bryan Coquard keeps the overall lead.
.@Voxwomen checks in with @AmgenTOC women in snowy Tahoe, as racers hope weather clears for today's stage. 
Here are five must-watch stages in this year's Giro d'Italia. 
First Ride: @LoganVB finds the new Diamondback Podium to be a solid race bike that packs a lot of bang-for-the-buck. 
Contador may deliver Tinkoff-Saxo the big win it needs to ride into the second half of 2015 with confidence. 
Riding a wave of early-season success, Lauren Stephens is gearing up to contend at the Tour of California

With none of the "big four" GC riders dominant in the early goings of 2015, an uncertain grand tour season looms

Hard climbing, difficult weather conditions, and a long TT. Expect another epic Giro d'Italia.

Contador is a marked man for the Giro. Will he be able to fend off Porte and Aru's challenges? 
Press conference for the Amgen Tour of California Women's Race is now live on VeloNews: 
The Giro starts Saturday. Ready? @CaleyFretz has everything you need to know in this preview.  
Carmen Small wins gold at Pan Am TT championships and secures a spot on the U.S. team for 2015 worlds. 
Tinkoff recons Giro TTT course, part of which is on a bike path. Not something you see on your everyday bike commute. 
Video: @gcntweet names 10 favorites for the Giro. Who's on your list of riders to watch? 
@healthycyclist @Voxwomen @AmgenTOC How bad is the weather right now?
Video: @Voxwomen has a preview of the Amgen Tour of California Women's Race, stage 1, a hilly ride around Lake Tahoe. 
The countdown to the Giro is on. Here's the complete and final start list. 
Greipel is poised to dominate Giro sprints, but the lack of other top speedsters may open the door for up-and-comers. 
Jonas Ahlstrand (Cofidis) wins stage 2 of Four Days of Dunkerque, out-sprinting Europcar's Bryan Coquard after 178.7km.
Giro d'Italia and Velon announce that eight stages of the race will have footage from on-board video cameras. 
“I am happy this nightmare is over,” says Van Avermaet after being acquitted in Belgian doping investigation. 
Video: @gcntweet discusses some of the top riders to watch at the Tour of California. 
BMC Racing announces Belgian Cycling Federation has absolved Greg Van Avermaet of any wrongdoing in its investigation into Dr. Chris Merten
Marcel Kittel withdraws from Amgen Tour of California lineup. 
Video: @colcollective climbs the Col de la Croix de Fer, a 27km ascent in the Rhône-Alpes. 
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up and adjusting Shimano front derailleurs with trim positions. 
Onboard cameras come to the Giro d’Italia: 
Giant-Alpecin announces that sprinter Marcel Kittel will not race the Amgen Tour of California as planned
Cannondale-Garmin reveals Giro team to support leader Ryder Hesjedal. 

Jobst Brandt, author of the authoritative book on wheel building, "The Bicycle Wheel," dies at 80. 
Will an Italian hometown hero win the Giro this year? 
Route preview: @EuroHoody expects fireworks in the final week of the Giro d'Italia. 
Video: Who will win the Giro? @gcntweet previews the route, predicts a winner, and more. 
The Outer Line talks to @richmond2015 organizer Tim Miller about how worlds has potential to change U.S. cycling. 
Got a minute? @gmbntweet explains bunny-hop technique in 60 seconds. 
Bryan Coquard (Europcar) wins first stage of Four Days of Dunkerque, a 178.7km stage from Dunkerque to Orchies.
Lachlan Morton had to ride deep into the Australian Outback to rekindle his love for the bike. 
Italian tifosi will likely have to wait for another year to celebrate an overall Giro victory, writes @gregorbrown 


"For now, her focus rests on Richmond"


Preview: Decisive racing packed into Giro’s final week. 
Outback and beyond: Lachlan Morton returns to pro racing. 
Pros from @AmgenTOC, including @MarkCavendish, to attend Shriners Hospitals for Children benefit Thurs in Sacramento 
Planning to attend Friday's @AmgenTOC team presentation? Here's a link for 10% off tickets. 
Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn dissuades a reader from drilling holes in his frame, talks skewers, hubs, and more. 
BMC hopes that team time trial success in the Giro will net it a pink jersey and cue up GC hopeful Caruso. 
Video: Hincapie Racing Team looks back on what it took to win the U.S. team time trial national championships. 
Here's why the UCI License Commission chose not to pull Astana's license. What do you think of its explanation? 
The 10th edition of the @AmgenTOC should offer plenty of GC intrigue and sprint excitement, writes @nealrogers 
Movistar's support riders will have a chance to shine at this year's Giro as Quintana will not aim to defend title. 
Will this Giro be Richie Porte's opportunity to claim a grand tour win? Sky rallies climbers to back bid for pink. 
Need to refresh your ride for spring? @Bontrager is giving away 11 sweet prizes. Enter now: 
Coryn Rivera has 3 classes left before graduating from Marian University, but a worlds goal has put them on hold. 
Reviewed: Bolle is back in the peloton with the 6th Sense prescription sunglasses. @spino_powerlegs' thoughts: 
Tech FAQ: Is it ever OK for a rider to drill holes in a carbon frame? 
After surprise Tour de Romandie win, Ilnur Zakarin heads to Giro d’Italia. 
Sky assembles climbing squad to back Porte’s Giro bid. 
Movistar will take a “classics” approach to the Giro d’Italia. 
We put @CaleyFretz in a Roubaix Mavic follow car to witness the cobblestone carnage firsthand. 
Pro Bike: Junior world champ Andreassen loves crocodiles, so he had his rig painted that way. 
Ilnur Zakarin's breakthrough Romandie win raises eyebrows; the WorldTour rookie credits weight loss for result.

We've been updating the preliminary Giro d'Italia roster as teams confirm line-ups for Saturday's start. 
Tinkoff-Saxo brings 'A team' to Giro d'Italia, aiming to get Contador one step closer to a Giro-Tour double. 
WADA criticizes TV program for using "human guinea pigs" in doping report and ignoring scientific protocol. 
@davidmdamron @AmgenTOC Stay tuned, we are cooking up a preview article to publish soon!
Video: Stuck on the side of a trail or road with a broken chain? @gmbntweet explains how to fix it. 
"Even we don’t know where his potential stops," says Lefevere of Alaphilippe, who signed for two more years w/ Etixx. 
Etixx-Quick-Step announces it has extended its contract with promising 22-year-old Frenchman Julian Alaphilippe through the 2017 season.
Christian Meier welcomed his unexpected GC chase at the Tour of Turkey that ended Sunday. 
Orica-GreenEdge’s goals for the Giro: Win stages, wear the pink jersey. 
Tinkoff-Saxo unveils “strong” squad to support Contador at Giro d’Italia. 
Rough Riders: @CaleyFretz rides shotgun in the Mavic service car during Paris-Roubaix. 
Gallery: Casey B. Gibson follows the final stage of Silver City's Tour of the Gila. 
Mara Abbott and Rob Britton conquer the Tour of the Gila. 
Gallery: Final shots from the Tour de Romandie. 
Results from the final stage of the Tour de Romandie. 
Ilnur Zakarin finishes 3rd in the final time trial to lock up his Tour de Romandie title. 
Lluis Mas outfoxes the sprinters as an ailing Kristijan Durasek takes the overall in Turkey. 
Going downtown: Casey B. Gibson's gallery from the Tour of the Gila's Downtown Silver City Criterium. 
Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes finish fastest at the Downtown Silver City Criterium. 
Gallery: Stage 5 at the Tour de Romandie. 
Thibault Pinot makes a late dig stick as Ilnur Zakarin takes the overall lead in Romandie. 
Results from stage 5 at the Tour de Romandie. 
Dropped on the last tough climb, Mark Cavendish and his teammates battle back to win stage 7. 
Tom Boonen wants good form, better luck and one more crack at the classics. 
The hour record falls once more as Alex Dowsett covers 52.937km in Manchester. 
Gallery: Tour of the Gila, stage 3. GC race tightens up in race of truth in New Mexico. 
Did you know? Alex Dowsett has rare blood disorder, hemophilia. He'll attempt to break the world hour record tomorrow 
Sorry Tour de Romandie fans, no gallery today. Our photog @TDWsport had tough day on the road. 
.@richmond2015 worlds organizers announce that all podium ceremonies will be held in Richmond Convention Center FanFest expo.
Full TV and Tour Tracker broadcast schedule announced for @AmgenTOC. The women's race kicks off one week from today. 
Zirbel and Stephens deliver TT wins at Tour of the Gila, and Abbott and Montiel keep their overall race leads. 
Video: Gaimon reflects on his career, being an author, and cookies (of course) in this video from @Diamondbackbike

Results: Tour de Romandie, stage 4. A young Swiss star rides to victory on a rainy, hilly day. 
“I like the rain; I like the cold,” said Stefan Küng, who won Tour de Romandie's tough stage 4. 
Stefan Kung wins stage 4 of Tour de Romandie, alone, in the rain, after a tough day in Switzerland.
Dowsett aims to inspire: “We try to show that you can’t let hemophilia dictate your life even if it shapes your life" 
The peloton's fast finishers are tuning up their sprint form at Tour of Turkey ahead of the Giro d'Italia. 
Pello Bilbao wins Tour of Turkey stage 6 on mountaintop finish, and Durasek wrests the GC lead from Rebellin. 
Gallery: Touring the Bio-Racer factory, which produces handmade cycling apparel in Belgium. 
Cavendish on form for Tour success as he targets another green jersey this summer. 
UCI announces a first-time host for the track World Cup. The third round of 2015/2016 series will be held at Hong Kong Velodrome, Jan. 16-17
Gallery: The Inner Loop Road Race at the Tour of the Gila. 
Has the Vuelta lost its mojo? @EuroHoody weighs in. 
Buyer's Guide: The best of the best, our editors' picks for Road &amp; Mountain Bikes of the Year

Jay McCarthy is a talented young Aussie who has been flying under the radar ... for now, writes @aaronshanelee 
Buyer's Guide: A premium selection of MTB gear for the connoisseur of high-end trail couture

A red-letter day for Optum-KBS at Tour of the Gila as Eric Young and Annie Ewart win stage 2 in respective categories 
Wiggins is "liberated and happy" after leaving Sky, optimistic about hour record, happy to lead eponymous devo team. 
Roster announced for @AmgenTOC women's TT, boasting world, Olympic, and national champions. 
Cookson: "My administration has done many of the things we said we would in the process of restoring the integrity." 
Gallery: Tour de Romandie, stage 3. Albasini bides his time as attacks fly in final kilometers 
Buyer's Guide: These five helmets are aerodynamic AND comfortable, and they've got style too

Results: Tour de Romandie, stage 3. Albasini delivers again, sprinting to his second victory in as many days. 
Eric Young wins Tour of the Gila stage 2, out-sprinting Travis McCabe and Kiel Reijnen.
PeopleForBikes will kick off National Bike Challenge tomorrow, an initiative which saw 47,000 participants in 2014. 
Construction of Rio Olympic velodrome is behind schedule, and now faces concerns over worker safety. 
In the News: German police foil terrorist threat to Frankfurt-area bike race, but Friday event has been cancelled.

Vintage pro bike: @TheProsCloset takes a look at Scott Moninger's 1991 Serotta Colorado. 
Canadian champ Tuft will not race Giro after medical examination reveals wrist fracture and injured sternum after Romandie stage 2 crash.
Derek Bouchard-Hall, a former national criterium champ and Olympian, appointed CEO of USA Cycling. 
Race leader Michael Albasini pounces on Etixx lead-out to sprint to second win in Tour de Romandie stage 3. 
Two in a row for Michael Albasini who sprints to win stage 3 of Tour de Romandie, wearing the yellow leader's jersey.
Alex Dowsett locked and loaded to attempt hour record in Manchester as Wiggins' ride looms next month. 
Rebellin sneaks into late move in Turkey to extend GC lead as Modolo sprints to first win of the season. 
Gallery: Men’s and women’s races at the opening stage of the Tour of the Gila. 
Sacha Modolo (Lampre-Merida) wins Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey stage 5. Rebellin keeps overall lead.
Ask a Mechanic: More expensive, teflon-coated cables are slick, but they have some drawbacks, explains Art's Cyclery. 
Did antibiotics push Kevin Seeldraeyers out of the UCI WorldTour? 
@RobinmCarpenter Got it, thanks
Montiel climbs to victory in stage 1 of Tour of the Gila. 
Buyer's Guide: Got a long racing calendar ahead? Check out these five workhorse/race machines

Preliminary start list announced for the Giro d'Italia. 
Mara Abbott's stage 1 Gila win is especially meaningful as she's racing for the Amy D. Foundation on a composite team 
Rafael Montiel (Orgullo Antioqueno) wins stage 1 of Tour of the Gila ahead of Optum's Guillaume Boivin.
Pro Bike Gallery: The Canyon Speedmax that Alex Dowsett will use in hour record attempt. 
Gallery: Tour de Romandie, stage 2. Albasini sprints into yellow jersey after hilly day. 
Buyer's Guide: Five awesome trail bikes for 2015

Tour of Alberta announces four WorldTour teams headlining 2015 race, which is looking to be a worlds tune-up for many 
Road rage: @dwuori decides to take action to make the roads a more friendly place by ... yelling at cyclists?

Have you entered the Art's Cyclery sweepstakes yet? You've got until May 6 to try to win one of three great prizes! 
Riding for the composite Amy D. Foundation team, Mara Abbott wins stage 1 of Tour of the Gila ahead of Abby Mickey and Jasmin Glaesser.
Results: Tour de Romandie, stage 2. Albasini and Orica-GreenEdge get revenge after yesterday's near miss in TTT. 
Daniel Hoelgaard (Team Joker) wins stage 5 of Tour de Bretagne, out-sprinting two breakaway companions.
Michael Albasini sprints his way into the yellow jersey at Tour de Romandie. Froome moves into third overall. 
Analysis: @EuroHoody names five favorites to watch for at the Giro d'Italia. 
Orica GreenEdge's Michael Albasini wins stage 2 of Tour de Romandie in a sprint. #TDR2015
Even after days when he's "sprayed in the face by mud and cow poo," Ben King finds ways to stay happy and balanced.

Marianne Vos suffers broken rib but will not require surgery. Team is optimistic that she'll return to racing soon.
Greipel gets his first win in Tour of Turkey, claiming stage 4 sprint ahead of Nippo-Vini Fantini's Daniele Colli.

Video: @gcntweet has some useful tips to help your braking technique that will make you a better rider. 
Video: @colcollective shows us the Col Agnel, the third highest paved road in the Alps. 
Chad Haga Journal: The Giant-Alpecin rider talks about an unexpected surprise during a break from racing. 
Gallery: @spino_powerlegs tours the Ridley Bicycles headquarters in Belgium ahead of Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 
Giant-Alpecin for the Giro: Arndt, De Backer, Fairly, Geschke, Haga, Cheng, Ludvigsson, Mezgec, Veelers.
Buyer's Guide: Five excellent women's road gear options

Ex-doper Davide Rebellin, who was stripped of 2008 Olympic medal, will not race with CCC Sprandi at Giro d'Italia. 
In its first year as UCI women's race, Tour of the Gila attracts international presence, announces full list of teams 
In the News: Meeusen acquitted in doping case. UCI may still choose to appeal Belgian Cycling Federation's decision. 
Roberto Javier has been provisionally suspended by UCI after doping positive from a sample taken at Vuelta Republica Dominica.
Coach Adam Mills of @SourceE takes a close look at Eric Marcotte's power data from his national crit champs win. 
Gallery: Tour de Romandie, stage 1. Sky and Orica-GreenEdge battle to the line in opening TTT. 
Tech FAQ: Can you combine Campy shifters and Shimano derailleurs? @lennardzinn answers this and much more. 
Spotted: Lampre-Merida tests new prototype Merida road frame in Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 
Results: Tour de Romandie, stage 1. Sky on track in Switzerland with TTT win to set up defending champ Froome. 
Froome's campaign for a third-straight Tour de Romandie title are on track as Sky wins opening TTT. 
Ted King announces he will retire from pro racing at the end of 2015 season after seven years in European peloton. 
Pro Bike Gallery: USA Crits leader Daniel Holloway's flashy Felt AR1 aero road bike. 
Team Sky wins Tour de Romandie's first stage, a team time trial, giving Geraint Thomas the overall lead and setting up GC captain Froome.
Rebellin seizes overall lead at Presidential Tour of Turkey, winning stage 3 summit finish.

USA Pro Challenge announces summit finish, high-altitude TT, and more details of 2015 race route. 
Buyer's Guide: If fast is your only option, you may want to give these aero road bikes a look

Davide Rebellin wins stage 3 of Tour of Turkey, moves into GC lead with a seven-second advantage over Kristijan Durasek.
Lotto-Soudal Giro line-up: Sander Armée, Lars Bak, Stig Broeckx, Greipel, Adam Hansen, Greg Henderson, Monfort, Van den Broeck, Vervaeke
Fabio Aru is due to lead Astana at the Giro, but his form remains in question. 
Lotto Soudal for the Giro: Armée, Bak, Broeckx, Greipel, Hansen, Henderson, Monfort, Van den Broeck, Vervaeke.
In the News: MPCC president Roger Legeay defends the organization’s mission in cycling. 
Analysis: @EuroHoody discusses Valverde’s third career Liege win, which has brought back talk of his dark history. 
Buyer's Guide: Baggy shorts that will keep you comfortable while you're on the trail this year

Andre Greipel struggles to find the podium after two stages at the Tour of Turkey. 
New sponsors step in to keep the Northstar Grand Prix afloat in 2015

Leadville adds a stage race

Bradley Wiggins slated to face former Sky teammates at Tour de Yorkshire. 
Out since March with an illness, Kittel to race in the Tour de Yorkshire starting Friday. 
Cavendish stays perfect at the Tour of Turkey, retains GC lead after stage 2. 
Ewan after almost winning Tour of Turkey opener: “Hopefully there’s a little bit more respect in the bunch.” 
After Liege runner-up, Alaphilippe is happy to keep working for his teammates. 
Mad dash to a monument: Liège through the lens. 
Simon Yates labors through Liège, happy to be part of a race he's admired since childhood. 
Back from a bug, Mark Cavendish wins the kickoff at the Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey. 
Results from Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 
Alejandro Valverde holds his fire until the last moment, then blazes away to the victory at Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 
The Liège peloton, slow-mo, on the Côte de Wanne. Valverde well-positioned at the front. 
On-bike video from Cannondale-Garmin's Liege-Bastogne-Liege course recon

Mark Renshaw primed to launch Cavendish to further 2015 success in the Tour of Turkey

Dan Martin is hoping whiplash suffered in Fleche Wallonne crash won't keep him from contending in Liege

Lawson Craddock looking to soak in experience at "no joke" Liege-Bastogne-Liege

Take a tour of the Lotto-Soudal service course as the Belgian squad gears up for the Giro

During Tour of Turkey trip, Australian squad Drapac commemorates Anzac Day on Gallipoli centenary

Who wants to go to the Giro? Enter to win flights and acommodations for two race stages. 
With the threat to his team's racing license lifted, Nibali is focused on his pursuit of a big one-day win in Liege

Buyer's Guide: If you need to get in the mileage rain or shine, these road jackets should help

Another great @BrakeThrough Photo Essay: capturing the beauty &amp; action of the racing at the women's Fleche Wallonne

Fabio Aru to pursue legal action over Greg Henderson’s accusatory Tweets. 
Buyer's Guide: If you want to stay comfortable all day, check out these endurance road bikes

Paolo Tiralongo wins stage 4 of the Giro del Trentino from a breakaway, Richie Porte seals the overall victory

Alexander Kristoff inks new deal with Katusha. 
American Shelley Olds to rejoin women’s peloton this weekend after March 14 crash. 
Preview: Sunday’s Liège-Bastogne-Liège could be a showdown of youth vs. experience, writes @EuroHoody. 
Buyer's Guide: Three great women's MTBs for 2015

Buyer's Guide: Looking for a ride that stands out? These custom road bikes might do the trick

Route for 2015 Tour of Utah unveiled, features 51,000+ feet of elevation gain. 
Report: Astana will keep WorldTour license

Great images from @BrakeThrough tell the story of the Flèche Wallonne &amp; another battle to the top of the iconic Mur

Cannondale says it is monitoring Dan Martin after Flèche crash that caused contusions, abrasions and neck soreness, hopeful for Liège start.
Etixx-Quick-Step for Liège: Alaphilippe, Maxime Bouet, Gianluca Brambilla, Michal Golas, Kwiatkowski, Stybar, Petr Vakoc, Julien Vermote
Giant-Alpecin longlist Giro team: Arndt, De Backer, Fairly, Fröhlinger, Geschke, Haga, Ji, Ludvigsson, Mezgec, Stamsnijder, Timmer, Veelers
You can watch the key moment's from the women's Flèche Wallonne in this video of highlights from Wednesday's race

Katusha for Liège: Giampaolo Caruso, Kozonchuk, Lagutin, Alberto Losada, Daniel Moreno, Tiago Machado, Joaquim Rodriguez, Maxim Belkov.
After falling behind on GC in stage 2, Pozzovivo finds his climbing legs and wins Giro del Trentino stage 3

Win a trip to the Giro d'Italia, including flights and accommodations for two stages. 
Dan Martin is dreaming of another win at Liège-Bastogne-Liège, writes @gregorbrown. 
American cycling pioneer Richard DeGarmo seeks financial help following cancer surgery. 
Ask a Mechanic: Finding measurements for hub bearings. 
Tour de France contenders have mixed results at La Flèche Wallonne. 
Who is La Flèche Wallonne runner-up Julian Alaphilippe? 
Buyer's Guide: Women's jerseys that offer comfort, style, and performance

Buyer's Guide: These full-suspension MTBs are built to handle anything the trail might have in store for you

What's inside the May issue of Velo magazine, the Destinations issue and Giro d'Italia guide. 
Froome crashes at Flèche Wallonne, but Team Sky says he should be okay for Tour de Romandie. 
Life Time Fitness announces new Leadville MTB Stage Race, July 24-26, three stages, 100 miles total race distance.
Richie Porte keeps on truckin' with Trentino stage victory, yet another statement of form ahead of the Giro d'Italia

Full results: Valverde wins third career Fleche Wallonne title. 
Some excellent photos from today's Fleche Wallonne, won by Alejandro Valverde atop the iconic Mur de Huy

Richie Porte wins Trentino stage 2 and takes the overall race lead ahead of Mikel Landa

Yet another one-day experience to forget for Chris Froome after a crash in Flèche Wallonne

Anna van der Breggen gives Rabo-Liv its seventh women's Fleche Wallonne victory in nine years

Movistar's Alejandro Valverde wins his third Fleche Wallonne title ahead of Julian Alaphilippe and Michael Albasini

Former USCF president and promoter of the Ore Ida Women's Challenge Richard Degarmo is battling cancer. 
In the News: Jonathan Tiernan-Locke plans racing comeback next season. 
Philippe Gilbert abandons La Flèche Wallonne after a crash.
Video: Cannondale-Garmin riders recon the Mur de Huy. 
IAM Cycling for the Giro d’Italia: Chavanel, Chevrier, Clement, Haussler, Kluge, Pelucchi, Pineau, Reichenbach, Saramotins.
Richie Porte wins stage 2 at the Giro del Trentino.
Anna van der Breggen wins La Flèche Wallonne Femmes.
Chris Froome racing Flèche Wallonne for Tour de France prep. 
Cookson on Armstrong: “He may not get quite the welcome he would like in France riding around the route of the Tour.” 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Bring data into the equation and get more out of your rides

Sea Otter tech: Bigger is better as Trek and Specialized roll out new 29+ and 27.5+ hardtails 
New WADA/PCC partnership will yield $6 million for anti-doping research through a variety of grants. 
Buyer's Guide: Five excellent MTB shoes for 2015

Race preview: Women's Flèche Wallonne. Can Ferrand-Prévot deliver a win tomorrow wearing the rainbow jersey? 
Tech FAQ: Readers are fired up about disc brakes on road bikes after the UCI's recent announcement. 
Kwiatkowski can't win the Tour de France ... Do you agree with Etixx-Quick-Step manager Patrick Lefevere? 
Did you know: The last three years of Flèche, Ten Dam has motorpaced home after the race? Video via @BellBikeHelmets 
Buyer's Guide: Four great women's road bikes you won't want to miss

Competitive Cyclist suspends Strava credits program that was paying registered users $1 per hour of riding. 
The list of Giro d'Italia protagonists is coming into focus as the May 9 start in Sanremo is fast-approaching. 
The Art's sweepstakes ends next week! Enter now for a chance to win one of three great prizes. 
ICYMI: Photo essay from the iconic Amstel Gold Race by @BrakeThrough 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens returns to Flèche tomorrow, a race she names as one of her favorites and one she won in 2012.  
Sea Otter Tech: @LoganVB gets a close look at Trek's pre-production 29er with IsoSpeed frame. 
Giant-Alpecin for Flèche: Barguil, Craddock, Caleb Fairly, Johannes Fröhlinger, Thierry Hupond, Cheng Ji, Fredrik Ludvigsson, Georg Preidler
LottoNL-Jumbo for Flèche: Laurens ten Dam, Gesink, Kelderman, Leezer, Nick van der Lijke, Bert-Jan Lindeman, Paul Martens, Mike Teunissen
Bora-Argon 18 stuns WorldTour heavies, winning Trentino stage 1 TTT, beating Sky by a fraction of a second. 
Sky for Flèche : Philip Deignan, Froome, Sergio Henao, Peter Kennaugh, Vasil Kiryienka, Lars-Petter Nordhaug, Wout Poels, Nicholas Roche
Looking for the ultimate riding vacation? Join us and @cognoscenti_cc in August; we'll show you the best of Boulder. 
Gallery: Sea Otter Classic short track action. Schurter lives up to expectations. 
Tech FAQ: Disc brakes in the pro peloton? 
Lefevere on Kwiatkowski: “I just don’t think he is my Tour winner.” 
Preview: Will a new climb with 5km to go alter the Fleche Wallonne finish on the Mur de Huy? 
Peloton looks to Mur and remembers Criquielion as Wednesday's Flèche Wallonne is next on menu this spring. 
POV Video: Tro-Bo Léon isn't as well-known as Roubaix, but it offers plenty of rough "roads" to challenge the peloton 
Photo Essay: Amstel Gold Race. Hills, fans, race action, and a bit of beer, by @BrakeThrough 
Velo Buyer's Guide: A cut above the rest, our editor's picks for bikes of the year

Decision on Astana license expected this week. Officials say team could be sidelined immediately regardless of appeal 
Astana's Aru won't start Giro del Trentino tomorrow, due to illness. He hopes this setback won't affect Giro prep. 
How hard is Amstel Gold? Wilco Kelderman did 5,718kj of work on Sunday. More on that and his other data on Strava. 
Etixx-Quick-Step for Flèche: Alaphilippe, Maxime Bouet, Brambilla, Michal Golas, Michal Kwiatkowski, Tony Martin, Pieter Serry, Petr Vakoc
Nibali surprises even himself with strong showing at Amstel Gold Race, which bodes well for Liège this weekend. 
Gallery: Fresh mountain bike gear from Sea Otter. 
Katusha for Flèche: Caruso, Kozonchuk, Sergey Lagutin, Alberto Losada, Daniel Moreno, Tiago Machado, Joaquim Rodriguez, Alexey Tsatevich.
Video: Time to spruce up your bike for summer? @gcntweet shows how to put on new brake hoods. 
The world champ is on Strava ... Not surprisingly he took a few KOMs at Amstel Gold, which he won yesterday. 
Orica-GreenEdge for Flèche Wallonne: Albasini, Chaves, Simon Clarke, Damien Howson, Michael Matthews, Christian Meier, Weening, Simon Yates
Gallery: Casey B. Gibson was in Greenville, S.C. to capture the USA Cycling USPRO team time trial championships. 
Vincenzo Nibali talks about his Amstel Gold Race performance, Astana’s license situation. 
Sea Otter Tech: Mountain bike helmets, sunglasses, and more. 
Alejandro Valverde confident after Amstel Gold Race runner-up, writes @EuroHoody. 
Buyer's Guide: Hit the trails in style with some high-end mountain bike gear

Sea Otter tech gallery: @LoganVB takes a close look at the versatile Open Cycles gravel bike. 
Gallery: Amstel Gold Race delivers an exciting finale. As always, the Cauberg proves decisive. 
Hincapie Racing and Optum-Kelly Benefits Strategies take men's and women's USA TTT national championship titles

Buyer's Guide: These workhorse road bikes are ready to rack up the mileage

Schurter, Pendrel victorious in Sea Otter Classic

Results: Amstel Gold Race. Kwiatkowski breaks the curse of the rainbow jersey, sprinting from a select group to win. 
Reigning world champ Michal Kwiatkowski powers to Amstel Gold Race win ahead of Valverde and Matthews

Gallery: USPRO criterium nationals offered plenty of action in both men's and women's races. 
World champion Michal Kwiatkowski wins Amstel Gold Race, sprinting from a small group, resplendent in the rainbow jersey.
Sunglasses, multitools, helmets and more: It's day two of tech galleries from Sea Otter. 
Buyer's Guide: Don't let a rainy forecast keep you inside. Give these MTB jackets a look!

Eric Marcotte is giving Captain America a run for his money when it comes to collecting stars-and-stripes kit. 
Catch up with Rebecca Rusch at Sea Otter this weekend. Here's an excerpt from her new book, "Rusch to Glory." 
The UHC train derails on the last lap, but Tibco's Kendall Ryan stays on track to take the U.S. women's crit title. 
The men's USAC pro criterium nationals are underway. Live broadcast now on VeloNews. 
The women's USAC pro criterium nationals are underway. Live broadcast now on VeloNews. 
Buyer's Guide: If you like style &amp; blinding speed, you'll want to see these lustworthy bikes

USAC pro criterium nationals will broadcast live today. Women at 2:20 p.m. EDT; men at 4 p.m. EDT. Tune in! 
USAC removes Kristin Armstrong from Pan Am team after confusion over selection criteria. Wiles will race TT instead. 
Buyer's Guide: These three hardtail mountain bikes are ready to hit the trails 

Kristin Armstrong may miss out on Pan Am games as USAC committee reconvenes today to reconsider team selection. 
In the News: Taxi driver who killed Olympian Burry Stander found guilty of culpable homicide in South African court. 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling brings top women racers to Europe for Ronde, Energiewacht, and more. 
Who will win Amstel Gold Race? In a race flush with favorites, @EuroHoody suggests throwing a dart at the start list. 
L'Etape California is less than one month away. Here's a ride guide with advice on training, nutrition, and more. 
Video: UnitedHealthcare will be a favorite for both men's and women's TTT nationals this Sunday in Greenville. 
Phil Gaimon talks about frying fish, eating fudge — oh, and also winning Redlands — in his latest journal. 
Attention crit fans: USAC pro criterium nationals will broadcast live tomorrow. 2:20 p.m. EDT for women, men at 4 EDT 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Four baggy MTB shorts that won't let you down

Sea Otter Tech: Prototype Raleigh spotted, plus apparel from Yeti, and more. 
All eyes on the rainbow jersey, as Ferrand-Prévot aims to defend women's Flèche Wallonne title in a wide-open race.

Sea Otter day 1 tech gallery: New helmets, shades, and much more. 
Michal Kwiatkowski aims to break the rainbow curse in the hilly Ardennes classics. 
Do you pine for cycling's golden era? @chrisjustincase goes retro at l'Eroica. 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling brings some of the top women's racers to Europe for spring classics. 
Phil Gaimon Journal: @philgaimon celebrates a special Redlands win, but not too much ... He's got bigger fish to fry. 
Lotto-Soudal for Amstel: Stig Broeckx, Gallopin, Pim Ligthart, Roelandts, Tosh Van der Sande, Dennis Vanendert, Jelle Vanendert, Tim Wellens
Race preview: With numerous favorites lining up for Amstel Gold Race, can Gilbert pull off a fourth win?
Gallery: @LoganVB checks out some new helmets, sunglasses, and more at Sea Otter. 
Giant-Alpecin for Amstel: Roy Curvers, Thierry Hupond, Koen de Kort, Albert Timmer, Zico Waeytens, Tom Dumoulin, Barguil, Georg Preidler
Bradley Wiggins teams up with Fred Perry on casual clothing line (nope, this isn't April Fool's) 
Kwiatkowski targets Ardennes classics for his first win in the rainbow stripes, writes @gregorbrown. 
USA Cycling will reconsider Pan Am line-up because new selection criteria was not published in a timely manner. 
Team Sky for Amstel: Philip Deignan, Nathan Earle, Sergio Henao, Peter Kennaugh, Vasil Kiryienka, Nordhaug, Wout Poels, Xabier Zandio.
.@chrisjustincase takes on Eroica California and learns a few things about riding in cycling’s golden age. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: A selection of slick gear offerings for the high rollers

Our tech ace @LoganVB will be covering Sea Otter Classic all weekend. Here's where you can find all the hot news: 
Stetina says time after Basque Tour crash was "worst week of my life." He hopes to return home and start rehab soon.

UnitedHealthcare will have a full plate at crit nationals on Saturday as it aims to defend two national titles. 
@The_Hollywood @RouleurSports Ah too bad. Thanks for the quick reply!
@The_Hollywood are you racing criterium nationals this Saturday? You're not on the start list.
Katusha for Amstel Gold: Caruso, Kozonchuk, Lagutin, Alberto Losada, Daniel Moreno, Tiago Machado, Joaquim Rodriguez, Alexey Tsatevich
Pro Bike Gallery: Nino Schurter's sleek Scott Spark 27.5. 
Gerrans set to race Giro after his early-season race plans were stymied by two different injuries. 
Valverde aims to claim Amstel Gold win on Sunday, a title that's eluded him amid other Ardennes successes. 
Belgian prosecutor seeks two-year ban for Van Avermaet amid accusations of improper treatments from Chris Mertens. 
How many miles could you ride in a season? Two riders aim to top 75,000 miles to set a new world record this year. 
Interview: Rebecca Rusch talks about her new book. Find her at Sea Otter, hosting women's clinics and rides. 

Giro announces a new road race format, the "Grinduro," modeled after MTB enduros, scheduled for October. 
Video: Want to step up your climbing game this spring? @gcntweet has tips to improve fitness, psychology, and more.  
‘I am lucky to be alive.’ Peter Stetina talks about rider safety, lengthy rehab after Basque Tour crash. 
Buyer's Guide: If you want a truly special machine, check out these custom road bike options

Tech Gallery: Pre-Otter products spotted by @LoganVB in California. 
Etixx-Quick-Step for Amstel Gold: Alaphilippe, Michal Golas, Kwiatkowski, Tony Martin, Meersman, Petr Vakoc, Vandenbergh, Julien Vermote
Pro Bike Gallery: Here's the Scott Spark Nino Schurter will race at Sea Otter this weekend. 
Nacer Bouhanni wins second consecutive Grand prix cycliste de Denain in a bunch sprint ahead of Lotto-Soudal's Boris Valée.
Simon Gerrans to race Giro next month after injury-plagued start to 2015. 
Race ambassador Jens Voigt will kick off the @AmgenTOC with a virtual group ride on Zwift, May 7 at 10 a.m. PDT. 
LottoNL-Jumbo for Amstel: Jos van Emden, Kelderman, Tom Leezer, Nick van der Lijke, Bert-Jan Lindeman, Paul Martens, Timo Roosen, Tankink
Valverde, Quintana to tackle Ardennes classics for Movistar. 
Video: MTB world champ Nino Schurter is going for gold in Rio. Here's how he gets fit in the snowy off-season. 
The race is on for two riders trying to beat the Highest Annual Mileage Record of 75,065 miles in one year. 
Ask a Mechanic: Tips on how to remove a tubeless road tire from a rim. 
Greg Van Avermaet testifies in doping case in front of Belgian Cycling Federation: 
Gallery: Rotor power meters, a new Scott bike, and more at the Sea Otter Classic. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: You can't go wrong with any of these four race-ready bib shorts

Video: BMW-The Happy Tooth's Khare challenges stuntman in a Ferrari to race in L.A. traffic. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: These three women's MTBs are ready to hit the trails

Alison Tetrick elected as Professional Committee Athlete Representative to the USA Cycling Board of Directors, replacing Timmy Duggan.
@VaTxn Oops, our bad.
The 'door zone' is a dangerous place. Bob Mionske explains more in his latest Legally Speaking column. 
Tech FAQ: Looking for a really wide gear range on your drop-bar bike? One reader found a way to fit an 11-40t cluster 
Photo Essay: Young American riders test themselves in Europe's spring races. 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo eager to race in front of home crowd at Amstel Gold in the Netherlands. 
Mark your calendars: Wiggins has an appointment with the hour record, June 7. 
Carl Decker Journal: Even if the Sea Otter pro race courses are lousy, it doesn't matter one bit to @deckerator 
Gallery: Brabantse Pijl. The peloton swings into the Ardennes, and BMC notches a win. 
Legally Speaking with Bob Mionske: What do do about the 'door zone.'  
Despite looming June 10 court date with CAS, Kreuziger will line up at Amstel as one of Tinkoff's top riders. 
Results: Brabantse Pijl. BMC claims a win at the midweek classic, but this time, it isn't Gilbert atop the podium. 
Tour of Utah reveals 13 teams for mens race, including four teams that will ride the Tour de France. 
Ready for a single-ring road bike? SRAM is expanding its one-by offerings beyond CX races. 
Ben Hermans posts a big win for BMC at Brabantse Pijl, holding off a hard-charging peloton for a solo victory. 
BMC's Ben Hermans wins Brabantse Pijl, attacking out of a two-man break to cross the line alone.
Shimano announces new 11-speed XT MTB group that offers triple-, double-, and single-chainring options, lighter shift action, better brakes
Photo Essay: America's top junior and under-23 racers head to Europe's proving grounds. 
Tech FAQ: One of @lennardzinn's readers explains a drivetrain hack that can greatly expand a bike's gear range. 
With renewed confidence, Orica-GreenEdge looks to continue classics momentum in Ardennes. 
Orica-GreenEdge for Amstel Gold: Albasini, Simon Clarke, Gerrans, Mathew Hayman, Daryl Impey, Michael Matthews, Christian Meier, Weening
SRAM unveils 1x drivetrains targeting a wide variety of riders, from roadies to cyclocrossers. @LoganVB reports 
Bradley Wiggins schedules hour record attempt for June 7: 
Buyer's Guide: If it's pure speed you're after, you won't want to miss these aero road bikes

Philippe Gilbert is going for three wins in a row at Brabantse Pijl tomorrow. 
Tom Boonen is ready to get back to racing. Says he's "excited" to ride his first Giro, Tour of Turkey. 
Armstrong comes out of retirement ... Kristin Armstrong, that is. She'll race Pan Am TT Championships next month. 
This is Paris-Roubaix. @BrakeThrough does it again with another stunning photo essay. 
When will Taylor Phinney return to racing? BMC says possibly late summer. Amgen Tour of California is out of question 
ICYMI ... 

Roubaix tech gallery: 

Roubaix tires gallery:

King of the Mountain, a short documentary, tells the story of a young cyclist on the Rwandan national team. 
Epic Rides announces that Olympic and world champion Christoph Sauser will return to the Whiskey Off-Road race in Prescott, Arizona.
Kristin Armstrong will be back in a stars-and-stripes skinsuit this May, racing the Pan Am TT Championships. 
For the first time in his 16-year career, Tom Boonen will race the Giro d'Italia. 
Tom Boonen will return to racing at the Tour of Turkey, April 26-May 3.
Disc brakes are coming to the pro peloton. UCI announces trial period to begin in August 2015. 
Association of North American Professional Road Cyclists hires Michael Carcaise as Executive Director.
Video: Ride the Passo Fedaia, one of the Dolomites' toughest climbs, with @colcollective. 
Etixx-Quick-Step announces that Tom Boonen will start the Giro d'Italia, his first, in May; Mark Cavendish to California, Tour de Suisse.
Giant-Alpecin for Brabantse Pijl: Roy Curvers, Caleb Fairly, Johannes Fröhlinger, Hupond, Cheng Ji, Ludvigsson, Stamsnijder, Zico Waeytens
Etixx-Quick-Step for Brabantse Pijl: Julian Alaphilippe, Yves Lampaert, Nikolas Maes, Gianni Meersman, Petr Vakoc, Julien Vermote
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough captures the drama, suffering, and glory of Paris-Roubaix. 
Buyer's Guide: Three women's road shoes that offer a nice balance of style and performance.

Specialized Women extends sponsorship of La Course by Le Tour de France for 3 years, continuing its support of the Champs-Élysées circuit
Lotto-Soudal for Brabantse Pijl: Armée, Thomas De Gendt, Dockx, Gallopin, Pim Ligthart, Tosh Van der Sande, Dennis Vanendert, Louis Vervaeke
Classics season switches gears tomorrow with Brabantse Pijl, and Gilbert is hoping for a three-peat. 
Who crossed the tracks? @BrakeThrough's photo sequence shows how the Roubaix peloton was split at train crossing. 
BMC Racing GM Jim Ochowicz on Phinney: “We’re hopeful … we’ll see him racing before the end of summer.” 
The UCI will allow disc brakes in professional racing in August. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Three workhorse mountain bikes that are in it for the long haul

Gallery: Roubaix tire tech. As always, teams break out special tires for this punishing race. 
@uhalevi Got it, thank you!
Paris-Roubaix tech gallery: A deep look at all the little tricks teams use to weather the pavé 
Gallery: Take a tour of the Yeti Cycles headquarters/museum with @LoganVB 
Gallery: Paris-Roubaix offers up 157.5 miles of brutal cobblestone racing. 
What's your take on the Roubaix TGV controversy? Fans, experts, reporters, riders sound off on yesterday's incident. 
Two ways to win at Bonelli US Cup: Schurter rides away solo, while Batty bides her time for a sprint finish. 
Spotted: New Trek MTB race hardtail with IsoSpeed decoupler. 
The new kings of the classics? Degenkolb and Kristoff make a splash in 2015. 
Who is the greatest classics rider of all-time? @gcntweet asks the pros to get their take. 
Degenkolb makes history on Sunday in Roubaix, the first German since 1896 to win on the pavé.

Sagan, Vanmarcke leave classics with nothing after bad luck late in Sunday’s Paris-Roubaix. 
French railway seeks legal action against Roubaix riders who skirted closing safety gate at RR crossing: 
Degenkolb, Kristoff lead changing of the guard in the peloton: 
The Redlands Bicycle Classic is a wrap, with Mara Abbott and Phil Gaimon taking the overall titles. 
Catch up on all of the action and drama from today's Paris-Roubaix. 
The #RedlandsClassic is streaming live once again @velonews. 
Gallery: A windy, dusty Paris-Roubaix boils down to a seven-up sprint at the velodrome. 
Redlands Bicycle Classic streaming live now! Tune in: 
Pro Bike Gallery: The BMC Granfondo that Greg Van Avermaet rode to the Roubaix podium. 
.@AmgenTOC Favorite Moment essay contest deadline is midnight PDT. Enter now for a chance to win a trip to the race: 
Wiggins may not have won Roubaix, but he closed out his Sky career with panache, attacking to the end. 
Results: Paris-Roubaix. A fast and furious race comes down to a group of seven sprinting for the win in the velodrome 
Updated: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint 
Degenkolb delivers a second monument win of the season, winning Roubaix on his own terms, writes @EuroHoody. 
@byronpoblacion @redlandsClassic It is a circuit race, the lap is approximately 7.7 miles long.
Degenkolb is only the third rider in history to do the Milano-Sanremo/Roubaix double in the same year. The other two: Kelly and Van Hauwaert
@bruce_in No DSQs in that incident. Story is updated with quote from race jury, if you're curious.
Race report: John Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint. Photo: @TDWsport. 
Degenkolb is first German to win Roubaix since 1896, when Josef Fischer won the inaugural edition of the race.
Anticipated Redlands broadcast times: Women at 11:30 a.m. PDT, men at 3 p.m. PDT. 
John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-man sprint, ahead of Van Avermaet (BMC) and Stybar (Etixx) 
John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) wins Paris-Roubaix in a sprint finish on the velodrome ahead of Stybar and Van Avermaet.
Roubaix Riders have near-miss with high-speed TGV train. 
Gallery: Here's what it takes for mechanics to prep for the season's most punishing race. 
More live coverage of Redlands Bicycle Classic today, as the race wraps up with stage 5. Women at 10, men at 1:30 PST 
Brendan Rhim wins the Redlands Crit as a late crash takes out race leader Phil Gaimon. 
Live coverage of the men's Redlands Bicycle Classic stage 4 criterium starts in 15 minutes. 
Don't touch that dial: The stage-4 Redlands Criterium is streaming live at 
Gallery: Mechanics make their final preparations for Paris-Roubaix. 
The UHC women go one-two in the Redlands Criterium, with Coryn Rivera taking the flowers. 
Two winners lay out what it takes to prevail at Paris-Roubaix. 
Live coverage of the women's Redlands Bicycle Classic stage 4 criterium starts in 15 minutes. 
Reminder: @AmgenTOC Favorite Moment essay contest closes tomorrow. Enter now for a chance to win a trip to the race: 
Results from the final stage of the Vuelta a Pais Vasco. 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff will race his Flanders-winning machine at Paris-Roubaix. 
Katusha's April streak continues as Joaquim Rodriguez wins the Vuelta a Pais Vasco. 
Paris-Roubaix: The Hell of the North, by the numbers: 
Peter Stetina faces a long road to recovery after surgery, docs say. 
Tune in at 2:30 p.m. PDT today to watch the Redlands Bicycle Classic stage 4 criterium. 
Need a weekend project? Write an essay about your favorite @AmgenTOC memory for a chance to win a trip to the race. 
Gallery: Roubaix hopefuls get one final look at the pavé before Sunday showdown. @BrakeThrough 
Buyer's Guide: Three women's jerseys that offer a nice balance of comfort, performance &amp; style

On Redlands stage 3, Phil Gaimon and Mara Abbott use their climbing prowess to vault into overall race lead. 
Live coverage of tomorrow's Redlands Bicycle Classic stage 4 crit will be found here: 
Women at 2:30, men at 4:30 PDT
Phil Gaimon and Mara Abbott win stage 3 of Redlands Bicycle Classic, the Yucaipa circuit.
Tinkoff-Saxo says Zaugg did not sustain any major internal injuries or fractures in Pais Vasco crash but is under precautionary observation.
Video: How many watts does it take to ride the pavé? Cannondale-Garmin Roubaix recon video includes telemetry data. 
Video: Ahead of Paris-Roubaix, Wiggins says, "I know I can do it now." 
Buyer's Guide: For these six road bikes, comfort for the long haul is the name of the game

Cannondale-Garmin for Roubaix: Bauer, Lasse Hansen, Kristjian Koren, Langeveld, Alan Marangoni, Kristoffer Skjerping, Van Baarle, Zepuntke
Gallery: Pais Vasco, stage 5. Landa lands his first win of the season in the Basque mountains. 
With a deep Roubaix roster, Etixx aims to break Katusha's classics stranglehold and notch a monument win this weekend 
Henao and Rodriguez are in a dead heat on GC at Pais Vasco. Catch up on the action before tomorrow's decisive TT. 
.@AmgenTOC is offering a special 10th anniversary VIP package that includes a limited-edition jersey. 
UnitedHealthcare for Paris-Roubaix: Bazzana, Robert Förster, Frattini, Chris Jones, John Murphy, Summerhill, Tanner Putt, Federico Zurlo
Boa is giving away an entry to the Leadville 100. Check out the inspiring video about last year's contest winner. 
Giant-Alpecin for Roubaix: Degenkolb, Nikias Arndt, Roy Curvers, Bert De Backer, Koen de Kort, Ramon Sinkeldam, Stamsnijder, Albert Timmer
Results: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5. Henao and Rodriguez in a dead heat on GC heading into tomorrow's final TT. 
PeopleForBikes partners with  Kimberly-Clark for the National Bike Challenge. Last year, riders logged 23m miles. 
Etixx-Quick-Step for Roubaix: Iljo Keisse, Yves Lampaert, Nikolas Maes, Stybar, Terpstra, Matteo Trentin, Van Keirsbulck, Stijn Vandenbergh
Roubaix preview: Who has what it takes to conquer the cobbles? @EuroHoody considers the favorites, course, and more.

Landa rides to victory on steep climbs of Spain's Basque country, winning Pais Vasco stage 5. Henao holds GC lead. 
Mikel Landa (Astana) attacks on the brutally steep Alto de Aia to win stage 5 of Vuelta al Pais Vasco.
Video: @gcntweet names 10 favorites for the Queen of the Classics, Paris-Roubaix. 
Nacer Bouhanni wins final stage of Circuit de la Sarthe. Cannondale-Garmin's Ramunas Navardauskas sews up the final GC with bonus seconds.
Week in Tech: Zipp unveils tubeless-compatible 30 Course Disc wheels and more. 
Tinkoff-Saxo for Roubaix: Sagan, Breschel, Maciej Bodnar, Chris Juul-Jensen, Matteo Tosatto, Nikolay Trusov, Michael Mørkøv, Pavel Brutt
Katusha for Roubaix: Jacopo Guarnieri, Marco Haller, Kristoff, Viacheslav Kuznetsov, Paolini, Aleksandr Porsev, Rudi Selig, Gatis Smukulis.
Leukaemia &amp; Lymphoma Research will be the official charity partner of this year's Friends Life Tour of Britain. 
Lotto-Soudal for Roubaix: Lars Bak, Tiesj Benoot, Stig Broeckx, Sean De Bie, Debusschere, André Greipel, Jürgen Roelandts, Marcel Sieberg
ICYMI: Judge blocks settlement in Armstrong False Claims Act case. 
Kristoff downplays his chances of winning Paris-Roubaix. “I’ve never gone that good in Roubaix.” 
Gallery: Looking back on Bradley Wiggins’ diverse road cycling career. 
Shaw and Zirbel take top honors in Redlands stage 2 TT. Ryan Roth and Jasmin Glaesser now hold the overall lead. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Top-quality gear for the MTBer looking for the best equipment out there

Video: Take a bumpy ride with BMC's Daniel Oss as he previews Sunday's Roubaix cobblestones. 
Judge blocks proposed settlement between Landis and Bill Stapleton/Bart Knaggs in the Armstrong whistleblower case. 
Cheatsheet: Riding the Paris-Roubaix cobbles. 
"Bad moments come and go." Sep Vanmarcke heads to Roubaix with an optimistic outlook. 
What's the best prize you've ever won in a race? This MTN-Qhubeka rider won his weight in beer at Flanders on Sunday. 
Pro Bike Gallery: Cannondale-Garmin's special Synapse is set to hit the pavé 
Lars Boom tasted pavé success in stage 5 of the Tour last year. Will he be a rider to watch in Roubaix on Sunday?  
#TBT Video: Slow-Motion cobblestone crushing in the 2011 Paris-Roubaix. 
The Giro d'Italia is one month away. Here's a look at the 2015 race by the numbers. 
The 900km Tour of Croatia kicks off April 22. It'll be the first UCI-recognized race of its kind in the country and will attract 160 racers.
Gallery: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4. The race heads to the hills, and Purito wins again. 
@PuckBuddys It differs from race to race. During the classics, things are pretty fluid because someone might crash out a few days prior.
Buyer's Guide: Whether you want bombproof or race-ready, these trail bikes cover all the bases

IAM Cycling for Roubaix: Brändle, Sylvain Chavanel, Elmiger, Haussler, Roger Kluge, Jérôme Pineau, Aleksejs Saramotins, Jonas Van Genechten
Results: Vuelta al Pais Vasco. A tight GC race is shaping up as Sergio Henao fends off challengers in hilly stage. 
"Confidence is still high" in LottoNL-Jumbo camp as Vanmarcke is ready to put Flanders disappointment behind him. 
Brammeier had his eye on the prize at Flanders — the special prime sprint that is. You won't believe what he won. 
@MattDParker Little ring is a 44t, which is quite common for Roubaix set-ups.
Pro Bike: A look at the special setup that Cannondale-Garmin rookie Zepuntke has for Roubaix. 
Manuele Boaro (Tinkoff-Saxo) wins stage 4 of Circuit de la Sarthe and moves into overall race lead.
Rodriguez bides time on steep final climb then times his jump perfectly to win second consecutive Pais Vasco stage. 
Joaquim Rodriguez grabs win number two in stage 4 of Vuelta al Pais Vasco, outsmarting a small group in a twisty finale.
Preview: @CaleyFretz breaks down the 27 cobbled sectors of Paris-Roubaix ahead of Sunday’s 253.5km race. 
Orica-GreenEdge for Paris-Roubaix: 
Sam Bewley
Adam Blythe
Magnus Cort
Mitch Docker
Luke Durbridge
Mathew Hayman
Jens Keukeleire
Jens Mouris
Ask a Mechanic: When is it safe to mix brake levers and calipers? Art’s Cyclery explains: 
BMC’s Joey Rosskopf is keeping his head above water in rookie season, writes @EuroHoody: 
Sky for Paris-Roubaix: Eisel, Fenn, Knees, Puccio, Rowe, Stannard, Thomas, Wiggins
Alison Jackson and Sebastian Haedo prove strongest on the final, steep hill of the Redlands stage 1 circuit race. 
Erica Greif killed in car crash while driving to Redlands Bicycle Classic last night. 
@KathrynBertine So sorry to hear this news. We are working on this now.
@clymerberry @redlandsClassic Live streaming will be Saturday and Sunday.
Buyer's Guide: A few awesome MTB shoes to get you ready for anything the trail throws your way

With a big breakaway ride at Scheldeprijs to his credit, Tanner Putt looks forward to his Roubaix debut. 
Gallery: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3. Fireworks on the final climb provide a new GC leader. 
"It’s a shit thing when you can’t do the training that you want,” says Giant director of Kittel's nagging illness.

Gallery: Scheldeprijs. Kristoff avoids late crash and sprints to another champagne shower. 
Results: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3. The GC picture comes into focus as Rodriguez sprints to victory. 
Results: Scheldeprijs. Another win for Katusha's Alexander Kristoff, his fifth in merely 10 days. 
@OPTUMpbKBS Live coverage will be Saturday and Sunday. cc: @mbatley1 @NorthCarolinaCX
Adriano Malori leads Circuit de la Sarthe after winning stage 3 TT ahead of teammate Dowsett. Roux wins stage 2 sprint earlier in the day
Young American Tanner Putt made the break at Scheldeprijs, and he'll take that confidence into his Roubaix debut. 
Rodriguez out-sprints Sergio Henao and Quintana to win Pais Vasco stage 3, his first victory of the season. 
Joaquim Rodriguez wins stage 3 of Vuelta al Pais Vasco, making it two victories for Katusha today.
Another race, another win for Kristoff. Katusha rider wins Scheldeprijs, his fifth victory in less than 10 days. 

Alexander Kristoff wins yet again, this time at Scheldeprijs, after a crash takes out much of the race in the final kilometer.
A bike that hasn't been washed since 2001 ... The one Knaven rode to victory in Roubaix. 
New USA Cycling insurance for race promoters will offer entry fee refunds if race is cancelled due to bad weather. 
@FEARLESS_HAUTE @TomZizkaFox26 Live stream will only be Saturday and Sunday. Apologies for the miscommunication.
@Fastcycling Live stream will only be Saturday and Sunday. Apologies for the miscommunication.
Buyer's Guide: Stay dry (but still aero) out on the road with one of these four jackets

@Scotty_Cycles @KathrynBertine Organizers told us that both will be aired. The point is that we aren't in control of the footage itself.
Wonder who's got the KOMs for the 27 sectors of Roubaix pavé? Links to each Strava segment in our course preview. 
@KathrynBertine Yep, coverage will be men and women, but it's being provided by the race organizer.
Photo Essay: Belgium's biggest day of racing at the Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
Reviewed: The WattBike Pro is a dedicated indoor bike that offers extensive data measurement, but comes at a price.

Bike Pure announces free ethics guide for coaches, parents, and riders. 
Remember: Redlands Bicycle Classic starts tomorrow, and you can watch live footage of the race on VeloNews.
@lindsayonthego @iamspecialized @CastelliCycling Good to know, thanks! cc: @addiemargaret
The 27 cobblestone sectors of the Queen of the Classics, the Hell of the North, Paris-Roubaix.

Velo Buyer's Guide: Take a look at a few of 2015's top options for women's road gear

Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn considers a reader's oddly frequent problem with slashed tires on a new rim. 
Video: @gmbntweet has three simple tips to help you quiet those squealing disc brakes. 
RockShox announces updates to Monarch rear shock damper, a new, remote lock-out lever for forks, and 27.5 RS-1 fork. 
Gallery: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2. A surprise winner emerges in the final sprint. 
Results: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2. Another sprint means Matthews keeps lead, but he didn't get the stage win. 
Video: The Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies women's team is gearing up for TTT nationals and worlds. 
Team Sky is confident as Wiggins tunes up at Scheldeprijs tomorrow, then it's onward to his Roubaix swan song. 
Tinkoff-Saxo for Scheldeprijs: Nikolay Trusov, Michael Mørkøv, Sagan, Christopher Juul-Jensen, Pavel Brutt, Maciej Bodnar, Matteo Tosatto
Fabio Felline delivers a crafty sprint to win Pais Vasco stage 2, surprising race leader Matthews with an early jump. 
Trek Factory Racing's Fabio Felline jumps race leader Michael Matthews in Pais Vasco sprint to win stage 2.
Tech FAQ: Could higher tire pressure actually lead to more frequent flats? @lennardzinn investigates. 
Video: What makes Roubaix so special? LottoNL-Jumbo riders talk about the queen of the classics. via @BellBikeHelmets 
Lotto-Soudal for Scheldeprijs: Lars Bak, Jasper De Buyst, Thomas De Gendt, Gert Dockx, Greg Henderson, Boris Vallée, Dennis Vanendert
Nacer Bouhanni (Cofidis) claims his first win of the season at Circuit de la Sarthe Pays de Loire, out-sprinting Cannondale's Nathan Haas.
Etixx-Quick-Step for Scheldeprijs: Nikolas Maes, Vandenbergh, Lampaert, Fabio Sabatini, Stybar, Renshaw, Guillaume van Keirsbulck, Trentin.
CPA initiates rider protest at Pais Vasco stage 2 start after dangerous finish lands riders in hospital yesterday. 
Despite banged-up nose following Flanders crash, Stijn Vandenbergh slated to race Paris-Roubaix on Sunday. 
Team Sky for Scheldeprijs: Bernhard Eisel, Andy Fenn, Salvatore Puccio, Luke Rowe, Ian Stannard, Geraint Thomas, Viviani, Bradley Wiggins
Preview: Kristoff headlines Wednesday’s Scheldeprijs hot off his Tour of Flanders win. 
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough captures the exciting Tour of Flanders, from start to finish. 
Pro Bike Gallery: Stijn Devolder’s Trek Domane 6-Series from the Tour of Flanders. 
Analysis: @nealrogers names five winners and five losers from Sunday's Tour of Flanders. 
Buyer's Guide: A few high-tech devices that deliver the data you need when you're at speed.

Analysis: @nealrogers has everything you need to know about yesterday's Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
Details on Peter Stetina's crash at Vuelta al Pais Vasco. He's likely facing several months of recovery time. 
Tour of Utah names 11 teams that will race the Women's Edition Criterium Classic two-day race this August. 
With his second monument win in the bag, Kristoff is part of Norway's golden era of cycling, writes @gregorbrown 
Riding, dining, and pro racing. We're teaming up with @cognoscenti_cc for a tour coinciding with USA Pro Challenge.

AFP reports that BMC's Peter Stetina broke his right patella in a crash at the finish of Vuelta al Pais Vasco today.
Photo Essay: The women's peloton takes on the Ronde, as seen through the lens of @BrakeThrough 
UHC for Scheldeprijs: Bazzana, Robert Förster, Davide Frattini, Chris Jones, John Murphy, Danny Summerhill, Tanner Putt, Ken Hanson
Gallery: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1. Matthews wins in a hilly finale in Bilbao. 
Can Etixx live up to sky-high expectations without Boonen? Spring classics results have been disappointing so far.

Broken pelvis. 100 stitches. Flanders win. Longo Borghini tells @dbseaton of her long road to recovery and redemption 
@Johnerous Albert Timmer and Zico Waeytens. Sorry, ran out of characters.
Results: Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1. Matthews grabs the overall lead with sprint victory in Spain. 
We're teaming up with Art's Cyclery to run a sweepstakes this month. Sign up now for a chance to win great prizes. 
Giant-Alpecin for Scheldeprijs: Nikias Arndt, Roy Curvers, Bert De Backer, Lars van der Haar, Ramon Sinkeldam, Stamsnijder, Timmer, Waeytens
Buyer's Guide: Planning on a lot of road mileage? 5 workhorse/race bikes to keep you moving:

Matthews is the man in stage 1 of Pais Vasco, sprinting to his second win of the season and the race lead. 
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough captures the dramatic action at the women's Ronde. 
Michael Matthews sprints to win stage 1 of Vuelta Cyclista al Pais Vasco in Bilbao.
Sagan and Vanmarcke come up short at Flanders, aim for Roubaix redemption under enormous pressure to deliver. 
Video: Go inside the Tour of Flanders with on-board video from Velon teams. 
After Flanders win, is Kristoff Norway’s new cycling king? @gregorbrown reports: 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win

Gallery: The rough roads of the Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
It was a long, hard road to the top of the Flanders podium for Elisa Longo Borghini. 
In a Flanders that began without a clear favorite there was no doubt who was best at the end. 
Service without the smile: Shimano investigates as support autos deck two riders at Flanders. 
Pro Bike: John Degenkolb rode Giant's TCR Advanced SL into battle at the Tour of Flanders. 
Pro Bike: The Canyon Aeroad CF SLX that Alexander Kristoff rode to Flanders victory on Sunday: 
Alexander Kristoff gets the better of Niki Terpstra at the Tour of Flanders. 
Results from the women's Tour of Flanders. 
Wiggle-Honda goes 1-2 in the women's Tour of Flanders. Elisa Longo Borghini takes the win. 
Elisa Longo Borghini (Wiggle Honda) takes solo win at women’s Tour of Flanders, ahead of teammate Jolien D'hoore  #RVV
Stefan Küng had time-trialing on his mind as he rode to the win at the Volta Limburg Classic. 
Angel Vicioso takes another GP Miguel Indurain. 
Nairo Quintana will chase a second txapela through the Basque Country beginning Monday. 
"What a thing it would be" if Geraint Thomas wins the Tour of Flanders on Sunday, says Bradley Wiggins. 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff's Canyon Aeroad CF SLX for the Tour of Flanders.  
Geraint Thomas rides into the Tour of Flanders full of confidence, writes @gregorbrown 
Velo Buyer's Guide: 3 Hardtail MTBs you can't miss if you have off-road plans for 2015

Preview: A generational shift in a wide-open Tour of Flanders. 
Peter Sagan is under “huge pressure” to win Sunday’s Tour of Flanders, writes @EuroHoody: 
Nibali to UCI: “Astana is a symbol of clean and honest sport.” 
Movistar roster for Vuelta al País Vasco: Antón, Castroviejo, Herrada, Intxausti, Izagirre, Izagirre, Quintana, Visconti.
BMC Racing roster for Vuelta al País Vasco: Atapuma, Bookwalter, Dennis, Gilbert, Rosskopf, Sánchez, Stetina, van Garderen.
Americans Evelyn Stevens and Megan Guarnier are fitting in nicely on Dutch squad Boels-Dolmans. 
Steven de Jongh promoted after Tinkoff-Saxo sacks Riis. 
@MOOTSCYCLES Yep. Fixed.
Buyer's Guide: Stay dry out on the trails with one of these four sweet MTB jackets

Team Sky will ride new, suspended Pinarello frame for the cobbled monuments. 
Wiggins: “I’d hate to get lost in the next couple of years, punch drunk like some old boxer who can’t leave it alone” 
Lars Boom hopes to deliver big bang in classics this spring for Astana. 
The voice of Belgian cycling, Renaat Schotte, talks to @EuroHoody ahead of Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
Astana pleads its case to UCI License Commission today in an effort to keep WorldTour license. 
After missing out on Amgen Tour of California invite, Horner will debut with Airgas-Safeway in Azerbaidjan. 
Wiggins' first — and possibly last — TT win in the rainbow jersey comes at just the right time, leading into Roubaix. 
Critérium du Dauphiné route will offer a sampling of the Tour's high mountains and a TTT. 

Tinkoff-Saxo for Ronde: Peter Sagan, Matti Breschel, Maciej Bodnar, Matteo Tosatto, Pavel Brutt, Nikolay Trusov, Christopher Juul-Jensen
Gallery: De Panne wraps up with a TT win for Wiggins and overall victory for Kristoff. 
@mistabowjangles Yesterday was the first of April ...
Amgen Tour of California reveals the five leader's jersey's you'll see at the 10th edition of the race this year. 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde stage 3b. Wiggins wins and Kristoff delivers time trial of his life to claim GC 
LottoNL-Jumbo for Ronde: Tom Van Asbroeck, Rick Flens, Tom Leezer, Bram Tankink, Tjallingii, Sep Vanmarcke, Robert Wagner, Maarten Wynants.
Video: @gcntweet picks the 10 top riders to watch at this weekend's Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
World champ Wiggins wins final TT, and Kristoff claims the overall title in stage 3b of De Panne . 
Renaat Schotte is the eyes and ears of Sporza, before, during, and after all the big races. 
Katusha for Ronde: Kristoff, Paolini, Guarnieri, Sven Erik Bystrøm, Marco Haller, Viacheslav Kuznetsov, Aleksandr Porsev, Alexey Tsatevich
Velo Buyer's Guide: Five quality helmets to protect what's important... while still being aero

Earlier today, Alexander Kristoff won stage 3a at Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde in a photo finish. Results: 
Ask a Mechanic: Tips to add some comfort while riding a road bike on dirt and gravel. 
Orica-GreenEdge for Ronde: Sam Bewley, Adam Blythe, Magnus Cort, Mitch Docker, Luke Durbridge, Mathew Hayman, Leigh Howard, Jens Keukeleire
2013 Vuelta a España winner Chris Horner and his Airgas-Safeway team will race Tour d’Azerbaidjan, May 6-10.
Astana is betting on Lars Boom to deliver in the classics this season. 
Kristoff stays perfect at De Panne with stage 3a win. 
Tejay van Garderen says he’s on top form, but he’s looking for a bit of luck. 
The scientific approach has worked before for Sky and Wiggins, and that's how they're tackling Roubaix prep as well. 
Gallery: Boonen back on the bike, riding Flanders recon with Etixx-Quick-Step. 
@GosuSM @EuroHoody Ah you are right. Now fixed to reflect Chernetckii's win at Catalunya.
Video: @gcntweet has four workout ideas to help improve your efficiency on the bike. 
Velon and Flanders Classics announce partnership to release POV in-race footage after Ronde van Vlaanderen. 
Gallery: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 2. Kristoff crushes field sprint, keeps race lead 
Lotto-Soudal for Flanders: Lars Bak, Tiesj Benoot, Stig Broeckx, Sean De Bie, Jens Debusschere, Greipel, Jürgen Roelandts, Marcel Sieberg
Gallery: Tom Boonen previews Flanders alongside Etixx-Quick-Step teammates. 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 2. Kristoff extends overall lead with second stage win. 
Wiggins and Sky take scientific approach to Roubaix prep, aiming apply the formula that led to Olympic, Tour success. 
Will it be Paolini? Or Kristoff? Katusha has two aces to play in Ronde van Vlaanderen this weekend, writes @EuroHoody 
Kristoff delivers punishing, long sprint in Koksijde, winning stage 2 of De Panne, keeping overall race lead.

Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) goes two-for-two at Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, winning stage 2 in long-range sprint.
Pearl Izumi announces Fat Bike Bandolier accessory, which carries 50 CO2s, enough to fill two 4.8” tires to 12 psi. 
What does women’s cycling need in order to be more sustainable? Joe Harris and Steve Maxwell weigh in: 
Technical FAQ: @lennardzinn helps diagnose a mysterious shifting problem. 
Would you wear them? Oakley announces new Cavendish-inspired Jawbreaker sunglasses. 
Photo Essay: It was a hard day to race a bike in Flanders, Sunday was. 
Ready for spring? Get your bike prepped to ride with tips from @lennardzinn and @velopress 
Giant-Alpecin for Ronde: Nikias Arndt, Roy Curvers, Bert De Backer, Degenkolb, Koen de Kort, Ramon Sinkeldam, Albert Timmer, Zico Waeytens
Video: @colcollective rides one of the oldest climbs of the Tour, the Peyresourde. 
@Locksend Oakley tells us they will be available April 15.
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1. Kristoff unleashes fierce sprint to win.

ICYMI: USA Pro Challenge adds three-day elite women's race to its slate of events for 2015. 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1. Katusha in control as Kristoff wins day one. 
Alex Dowsett sets a date to take on the hour record. He's back on track after breaking collarbone earlier this year. 
Have a story to tell? Win a trip to the Amgen Tour of California in the @AmgenTOC Favorite Moment Essay Contest. 
Photo Essay: The peloton battles wind and rain on a gritty day in Gent-Wevelgem. @BrakeThrough 
In the News: Italian cycling federation president not happy with Cookson's handling of Astana license issue. 
Etixx-Quick-Step pegs Boonen's odds to race Roubaix at 1%, but the Belgian will train on cobbles this week with team. 
Without Riis, will Contador have what it takes to succeed in his bid to win the Giro-Tour double? 
Kristoff infiltrates the final selection then sprints to victory in first day of Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde. 
Alexander Kristoff wins stage 1 of Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, sprinting out of a six-man breakaway.
Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn helps one reader fix a persistent problem involving bad shifts. 
The USA Pro Challenge announces an elite women’s race for this summer’s event: 
Oakley launches Jawbreaker sunglasses, developed with Mark Cavendish’s help. 
Sponsor: Tom Boonen wants to return from injury at Paris-Roubaix. 
Amid all the talk of Wiggins and Roubaix, Thomas may be Sky's true danger-man for the cobbles. 
Wiggins will have another go at the Flanders cobbles tomorrow as Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde gets underway. 
UnitedHealthcare notches results at home and abroad in two different kinds of "criteriums" over the weekend.  
Buyer's Guide: Four lust-worthy road bikes that spare no expense. 
With looming UCI License Commission decision, Astana says it will appeal to CAS if it is stripped of WorldTour status 
Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda. Deadline is tomorrow, March 31. 
Pro Journal: Carmen Small reflects on the unsung heroes that help her succeed on her quest to make the Olympic team. 
The wicked winds of Flanders wreak havoc on Gent-Wevelgem. 
Video: Hardtail? Full-suspension? @gmbntweet puts three very different MTBs head-to-head to see which is fastest. 
Ten reasons to ride l'Etape California, which rides up Mount Baldy this year. 
After an early abandon at Gent-Wevelgem, Wiggins heads back to the Flanders cobbles this week in De Panne.

Epic? Classic? Too dangerous? Savage winds force 160 riders to abandon Gent-Wevelgem yesterday, writes @gregorbrown. 
Carmen Small Journal: @smallsunday recognizes the team staff that helped her through some dark days at track worlds. 
Etixx-Quick-Step for De Panne: Iljo Keisse, Yves Lampaert, Mark Renshaw, Fabio Sabatini, Guillaume Van Keirsbulck, Julien Vermote.
Lotto-Soudal for Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde: Lars Bak, Kris Boeckmans, Sean De Bie, Jens Debusschere, Greipel, Pim Ligthart, Boris Vallée.
Team SmartStop signs recently retired professional cyclist, Alex Candelario, as assistant sporting director for 2015 season.
Sky for De Panne: Nathan Earle, Bernhard Eisel, Andy Fenn, Christian Knees, Danny Pate, Chris Sutton, Elia Viviani, Bradley Wiggins
Gallery: Gent-Wevelgem. Would Thomas have won if he hadn't crashed late in the race yesterday? 
Katusha for De Panne: Sven Erik Bystrøm, Jacopo Guarnieri, Marco Haller, Kristoff, Paolini, Aleksandr Porsev, Rudi Selig and Gatis Smukulis.
Astana says it will appeal to the CAS if the UCI revokes its racing license this week. 
Geraint Thomas ready for cobbled tests at the Tour of Flanders and Paris-Roubaix. 
Experience helped lead 38-year-old Luca Paolini to victory in Gent-Wevelgem, writes @dbseaton 
Former speed skater Floortje Mackaij gets her first UCI win the hard way, at Gent-Wevelgem. 
Lizzie Armitstead takes the World Cup lead with her victory in the Trofeo Alfredo Binda. 
MTN-Qhubeka's Louis Meintjes wins stage 4 of Coppi e Bartali and claims the overall title.
Gallery: Gent-Wevelgem. Paolini gets his chance to shine on a rainy day in Flanders. 
Complete results from Gent-Wevelgem. 
The party's over: Tinkoff-Saxo and Bjarne Riis go their separate ways. 
Breaking: Statement from Tinkoff-Saxo that the team and manager Bjarne Riis "have reached a mutual agreement to terminate all contracts"
The top 10 from Gent-Wevelgem. 
Luca Paolini shows them a clean (if wet) pair of heels at Gent-Wevelgem. 
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 7. Valverde gets a hat-trick on the final day of racing. 
Results from the final stage of the Volta a Catalunya. 
Alejandro Valverde fights to the finish, but Richie Porte prevails at the Volta a Catalunya. 
Cannondale-Garmin changes its pavé plan with Sebastian Langeveld sidelined by injury. 
Sky's classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with the arrival in Belgium of Bradley Wiggins. 
@stephenj Ah, yes, 7 p.m. Eastern, so that means now. Sorry, timezones are hard.
@CafeRoubaix Fixed, thanks.
Fabian Cancellara and Trek Factory Racing are both in the hurt locker after the crash at E3 Harelbeke. 
138mph on a mountain bike? That's fast. 
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 6. Chernetski earns first WorldTour win out of the break. 
Results from stage 6 of the Volta a Catalunya. 
Ben King holds the lead at Criterium International as Trek goes 1-2 in the time trial. 
Sergei Chernetski overhauls Julian Alaphilippe to win stage 6 at the Volta a Catalunya. 
Live coverage of the Sunny King Criterium is underway. Watch here: 
Live coverage of the Sunny King Criterium starts in 30 minutes. Watch here: 
Ben King &amp; Clément Saint Martin escape in the Criterium International kickoff, &amp; King wins. 
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough captures the glory and pain of E3 Harelbeke. 
“It’s shit because in that group of three he should’ve been the fastest,” Tinkoff director says of Sagan's E3 result.

“One thing about Nairo, he fears nothing,” says director as Quintana takes on cobblestones to prep for Tour de France 
Tune in tomorrow at 12:40 p.m. EDT to watch the Sunny King Criterium, live from Alabama. 
Gallery: E3 Harelbeke offers cobbled chaos, but Geraint Thomas emerges with the win. 
After another day as also-rans, Etixx-Quick-Step still fine-tuning classics tactics in Boonen's absence.

Sky's Ben Swift wins stage 2 of Coppi e Bartali, moving into the overall lead after the 160.2km stage.
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya stage 5. Porte takes charge of GC as Valverde wins with late attack 
“I grew up dreaming about these races," Geraint Thomas says of his long road to victory in E3 Harelbeke. 
Results: E3 Harelbeke. Sky's Geraint Thomas notches a major win, attacking Stybar and Sagan for the win. 
Nicolas Vereecken wins stage 4 of Tour de Normandie. Dimitri Claeys keeps the overall lead with a seven-second lead.
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 5. GC race tightens up ahead of final two stages as Valverde wins again. 
@tviemont It's a WorldTour event, so seems fair to characterize it as such.
Geraint Thomas' canny late-race attack and masterful pursuit skills earn him his first major classics win. 
Sky's Geraint Thomas wins E3 Harelbeke with a late solo move from a breakaway trio that included Sagan and Stybar.
More carnage at E3 Harelbeke as BMC's Greg Van Avermaet crashes out of chase group with Stybar and Sagan up the road.
Valverde wins again, and Porte moves into overall lead at Volta a Catalunya with two days left to race. 
Movistar's Alejandro Valverde wins stage 5 of Volta a Catalunya, his second stage victory of the week.
Specialized recalls 8,300 aero bars sold on the Shiv and Transition TT bikes, as well as the aftermarket. 
UPDATE: Early reports indicate that Cancellara fractured two vertebrae in E3 crash, spoiling his spring campaign. 
Aldag dispels Germanwings near-miss rumor: “I don’t know where these reports have come from. I never had a ticket."

Etixx is missing its ace in the hole as it enters the heart of the spring classics, putting pressure on fresh faces. 
The Sufferfest will continue its sponsorship of the UCI women's World Cup and for 2015 will offer a special, $1,000 "Suffer Prize."
Update: Cancellara hurts left wrist and lower back in E3 Harelbeke crash, taken to hospital. 
Fabian Cancellara’s cobbled classics campaign in doubt after E3 Harelbeke crash, reports @gregorbrown. 
Inside the mind of a champion: @nealrogers chats with Georgia Gould about all things racing, on and off the bike. 
Win a Trek Project One Emonda. Deadline is March 31, sign up now! 
Need some shoes? @LoganVB found his favorites in our latest edition of Stress Test. 
Get the top VeloNews stories delivered to your email each week, sign up for the Prologue. 
L'Eroica revives cycling's golden age, requiring bikes older than 1987. Learn more: 
Stress Test: @LoganVB flogs the Specialized S-Works road shoes for over a year and a half, and he's still loving them 
Anton Cooper (Cannondale) and Katerina Nash (Luna) are the current leaders of the U.S. Cup Series. Gagne and Batty lead Pro XCT standings.
90,000 Utrecht residents ride bikes on a weekly basis. The Dutch city is now 100 days away from hosting the Tour. 
Velo Buyer's guide's got road, mountain, apparel, women's gear, and more. 
L'Eroica is coming to America, and @chrisjustincase talks to its iconoclastic founder, Brocci. 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo talks about the brutal Gent-Wevelgem crosswinds, via @BellBikeHelmets 
Brent Bookwalter: "I know I have a lot more in me. I am excited to have the chance to show that." 
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 4. Van Garderen wins after a tough day of climbing. 
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 4. Overall lead changes hands again as van Garderen wins the day. 
Redlands Bicycle Classic is coming up, April 8-12. We'll be providing live video coverage of the racing action. 
CCC Sprandi Polkowice wins stage 1b TTT at Coppi e Bartali, giving Davide Rebellin the overall lead.
Behind the scenes at Tinkoff-Saxo, a conflict between Riis and Tinkov may jeopardize the team's springtime ambitions. 
Daniel Hoelgaard (Team 
Joker) wins stage 3 of Tour de Normandie as Dimitri Clayes (Verandas Willems) keeps the GC lead.
Etixx for E3: Iljo Keisse, Julien Vermote, Matteo Trentin, Stijn Vandenbergh, Yves Lampaert, Guillaume Van Keirsbulck, Niki Terpstra, Stybar
Van Garderen overcomes Wednesday's crash, which scuttled his GC chances, to win stage 4 at Volta a Catalunya. 
Tejay van Garderen (BMC) claims his first win of the season in stage 4 of Volta a Catalunya atop La Molina.
Thomas Boudat (Europcar) wins Classica Corsica ahead of Shane Archbold (Bora) and Daniele Ratto (UnitedHealthcare).
Lotto-Soudal for E3: Tiesj Benoot, Kris Boeckmans, Vegard Breen, Sean De Bie, Gert Dockx, Jürgen Roelandts, Marcel Sieberg, Dennis Vanendert
Inaugural Abu Dhabi Tour announces route for October race, featuring an 11-kilometer climb in stage 3. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Four top bib shorts to keep you comfortable in the saddle. 
Etixx-Quick-Step announces that its rider, Pieter Serry, suffered a broken right collarbone in a crash during yesterday's Catalunya stage.
Team Southeast's Manuel Belletti wins stage 1a of Coppi e Bartali, a 99.5km stage in Gatteo, Italy.
USA Cycling has 14 talent ID camps planned this year for aspiring junior riders. 
Ask a Mechanic: Straight pull vs. J-bend spokes. 
Brent Bookwalter relishing new opportunities at BMC Racing. 
What's the deal with Dwars? Liv-Plantur goes one-two: 
Then, Topsport Vlaanderen does the same: 
Q&amp;A: Pinot heads into Critérium International aiming to win. He likes the final climb, but wishes the TT was longer. 
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 3. A wild and hilly day in Spain yields a new GC leader.

Liv-Plantur dominates women's Grote Prijs van Waregem, as Amy Pieters wins ahead of teammate Floortje Mackaij. 
Sky for E3 Harelbeke: Bernhard Eisel, Andy Fenn, Christian Knees, Salvatore Puccio, Luke Rowe, Ian Stannard, Geraint Thomas, Elia Viviani
Katusha for E3: Sven Erik Bystrøm, Jacopo Guarnieri, Alexey Tsatevich, Kolobnev, Kristoff, Viacheslav Kuznetsov, Paolini and Gatis Smukulis
Pro Journal: It's unclear to us how @ChadHaga sees this as "not a bad day." Imagine a bad day! 
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic confirms 17 women's teams for June World Cup race. 
Gallery: Dwars door Vlaanderen. Wallays wins the day with gritty, tactical racing. 
Results: Dwars door Vlaanderen. Topsport Vlaanderen-Baloise comes up with big win on home turf. 
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 3. Pozzovivo takes the win as Rolland rolls into the overall lead. 
Video: @gcntweet has pointers to help you boost your power. 
@SonOfTheDude Oooh, that one stings!
Team Sky's infographic guide to the cobbled classics. 
Dimitri Clayes (Verandas Willems) wins stage 2 of Tour de Normandie, a 166.5 day, claiming the overall GC lead by 14 seconds.
LottoNL-Jumbo for E3: Jos van Emden, Rick Flens, Tom Leezer, Bram Tankink, Maarten Tjallingii, Sep Vanmarcke, Robert Wagner, Maarten Wynants
After a winless drought going back to 2012, Pozzovivo claims victory in stage 3 of Catalunya, ahead of GC favorites. 
Ag2r's Domenico Pozzovivo wins stage 3 of Volta a Catalunya, attacking out of a small group in the closing kilometers.
Topsport teamwork pays off as Wallays and Theuns go one-two, outfoxing world champion Kwiatkowski at Dwars. #DDV 
Jelle Wallays (Topsport-Vlaanderen) wins Dwars door Vlaanderen, getting the best of world champion Kwiatkowski.
Chad Haga Journal: @ChadHaga reflects on a monumental day at the office in Milano-Sanremo. 
Video: Gearing up for some spring races or rides? @gcntweet has tips and workouts to help you boost your power. 
USAC names 17 Centers of Excellence, will award a total of $50k in grants to the junior and U-23 devo programs. 
Trek Factory Racing GM Luca Guercilena tells @EuroHoody the team needs more money to remain competitive. 
Betsy Andreu talks to WADA: “He [Armstrong] tried to destroy my entire life ... But the truth has emerged." 
Video: What did it take to win Milano-Sanremo? John Degenkolb takes you behind the scenes of his first monument win. 
One week left to sign up for a chance to win a Trek Project One Emonda. 
ICYMI: UCI reinstates Dr. Zorzoli, despite accusations of complicity in doping throughout early 2000s. 
Photo Essay: Images from the WorldTour's longest day, Milano-Sanremo. @BrakeThrough 
@Mickeyhavoc By all means, please send us your PRs and updates. We can't have boots on the ground everywhere.
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 2. Valverde wins a rainy sprint in Spain. 
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 2. Valverde has his day in Olot, Spain, as Paterski keeps the overall lead. 
Lucas Destang (Vendée U) wins stage 1 of Tour de Normandie. Thomas Scully (Madison Genesis) leads the overall after 207km stage.
UCI reinstates Zorzoli as doctor and scientific advisor, saying CIRC found no evidence of wrongdoing. 
Tomorrow's Dwars door Vlaanderen and Friday's E3 Harelbeke give the classics teams a final chance to fine-tune. 
@Wheelie1977 @GiantAlpecin Ah, sorry, you are correct. That was the E3 roster, our mistake.
Thanks to a well-timed lead-out by Rojas, Valverde sprints to victory in stage 2 of Volta a Catalunya. 
Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) wins a rainy stage 2 at Volta a Catalunya.
IAM Cycling's Reto Hollenstein and Vicente Reynes withdraw from Dwars door Vlaanderen due to illness.
Velo Buyer's Guide: This high-roller gear may be over the top, but isn't that the point? 
Brewery De Bie to offer a special beer, De Bie Vélo, a blond tripel, to Etixx-Quick-Step fan club and VIPs at races. 
LottoNL-Jumbo for Dwars: Tom van Asbroeck, Jos van Emden, Rick Flens, Hofland, Bert-Jan Lindeman, Mike Teunissen, Tjallingii, Wynants
Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn explains how long-cage rear derailleurs can accommodate much larger cassettes than you'd think 
MTN-Qhubeka for Dwars door Vlaanderen: Farrar, Theo Bos, Matt Goss, Youcef Reguigui, Matt Brammeier, Nic Dougall, Jay Thomson, Andy Stauff
Drapac's Wouter Wippert wins stage 3 of Tour of Taiwan, his second stage win at the race. Avanti's Patrick Bevin leads GC.
Lotto-Soudal for Dwars: Lars Bak, Tiesj Benoot, Vegard Breen, Stig Broeckx, Sean De Bie, Jens Debusschere, Gert Dockx, and Pim Ligthart.
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough rode with the peloton during Sunday’s dramatic Milano-Sanremo. 
Update: Tinkoff-Saxo confirms Bjarne Riis has been suspended. 
@jenkins_ben @ryantrebon @cyclingnews 
Silence is deafening as Tinkoff-Saxo officials refuse to comment on rumors that team manager Riis has been suspended. 
Here's how to pick the right chainring/cassette combo for your bike. Via @gcntweet 

Kreuziger frustrated with delays in doping case: "[I] feel like Alice in Wonderland."

Velo Buyer's Guide: Four sweet road bikes for women. 
Team Katusha for Dwars door Vlaanderen: Bystrøm, Haller, Isaychev, Kuznetsov, Kolobnev, Porsev, Selig, and Tsatevich.
Video: Climb the Briançon side of the Col d'Izoard with the @colcollective 
@BBQ44 Ew! Something is wrong. We'll try to sort it out shortly. Thanks for the heads-up.
Etixx-Quick-Step for Dwars door Vlaanderen:  
Cavendish  
Keisse
Kwiatkowski
Lampaert
Maes 
Terpstra 
Trentin
Van Keirsbulck
@NielsMidt Thanks, we are looking into this.
Degenkolb delivers huge win in Milano-Sanremo on Sunday. What does he have in store for the rest of the classics? 
Gallery: Volta a Catalunya, stage 1. Breakaway gives peloton the slip, and Paterski wins big.

@skiandbikemoore Indeed. Limited characters to work with here on Twitter, however!
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 1. Despite racing nearly 300km yesterday in MSR, Paterski wins, takes GC lead. 
@WilliamSpence9 Still not working for you? Let us know, and we'll try to resolve it.
Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross after a 12-year run as one of New England's favorite racers. 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Cheat the wind with these aero road bikes. 
BMC's Tom Bohli wins the prologue at Tour de Normandie ahead of Thomas Scully and Olivier Pardini.
Three-man breakaway succeeds in Catalunya, and Poland's Paterski claims a stage and the overall lead after stage 1. 
Maciej Paterski (CCC Sprandi Polkowice) wins stage 1 of Volta a Catalunya, ahead of Rolland and De Clercq.
Analysis: Maxwell and Harris of 
Confused by compacts? Concerned about your cassette spread? @gcntweet explains the myriad gearing options on offer. 
After storming back to the top of the peloton during the winter races in Australia, Neylan signs with Orica-AIS. 
Richie Porte moves on from stormy 2014, targets Giro d’Italia. 
Roman Kreuziger blasts delays in his doping case. 
John Degenkolb on Sunday: “This is the best day in my cycling career.” 
Nash and Cooper win U.S. Cup round two in Fontana and vault into overall series leads. 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, some other bright stars had to fade. 
Gallery: The long road from Milano to Sanremo. 
This year's Volta a Catalunya may be short of big climbs, but it has plenty of big names. 
Results from Milano-Sanremo. 
John Degenkolb rains on Alexander Kristoff's parade in Milano-Sanremo. 
Iljo Keisse leads an Etixx-Quick-Step podium sweep plus at the Ronde van Zeeland. 
Alexis Gougeard repeats as champion of the Classic Loire Atlantique. 
BMC for MSR: Alessandro De Marchi, Silvan Dillier, Philippe Gilbert, Daniel Oss, Manuel Quinziato, Michael Schär, Van Avermaet, Danilo Wyss
Trek Factory Racing heads to Colombia to visit rider Julián Arredondo in his home country. 
A disappointing Paris-Nice sows discord in the BMC camp as sport director criticizes van Garderen's unpreparedness. 
Need to gear up for springtime? The 2015 Velo Buyer's Guide is online. 
Lotto-Soudal's Kenny Dehaes is sidelined with a broken left arm after a crash early in today's Handzame Classic.
Le Monde reports that the UCI License Commission will meet on April 2 to deliberate on the fate of Astana's WorldTour license.
Sprint or break? How will Milano-Sanremo play out? @CaleyFretz examines the variables. 
Giant-Alpecin for MSR: John Degenkolb, Bert de Backer, Roy Curvers, Tom Dumoulin, Chad Haga, Koen de Kort, Albert Timmer, and Zico Waeytens.
Video: Catch up on last weekend's MTB racing action from round one of the U.S. Cup in Bonelli Park, California. 
Etixx-Quick-Step's lead-out train delivers Meersman to his third win of the season in Handzame. 
Lotto-Soudal for MSR: Kris Boeckmans, Tony Gallopin, Greipel, Adam Hansen, Jürgen Roelandts, Marcel Sieberg, Jelle Vanendert, Tim Wellens

#Richmond2015 @UCI_cycling @usacycling 
Friday fun: Felt tests the limits of fat bikes in Switzerland with pro BMXer Gregor Laucht. 
Etixx-Quick-Step's Gianni Meersman wins the Handzame Classic ahead of Antoine Demoitie and Tiesj Benoot.
Ben Swift has been dreaming of Milano-Sanremo all winter long. Will this be the year that Team Sky wins a monument? 
Velo Buyer's Guide: Six XC mountain bikes for long days on the trail, racing, and more. 
With two former winners on its roster, MTN-Qhubeka has potential to surprise WorldTour favorites at Milano-Sanremo. 
Francesco Moser has been inducted into the Giro d'Italia hall of fame. He won the 1984 race in the final-stage ITT in Verona, beating Fignon
Week in Tech: @LoganVB discusses Nuun’s non-profit work, an Amy D. helmet, and more. 
Vuelta a España announces teams for 2015 race, including MTN-Qhubeka, Cofidis, Colombia, and Europcar. 
Vuelta a España names five wildcard teams for 2015: Caja Rural-Seguros RGA, Cofidis, Colombia, Europcar, and MTN-Qhubeka
Trek Factory Racing's Milano-Sanremo roster: Cancellara, Nizzolo, Felline, Roulston, Alafaci, Popovych, Rast, Arredondo
Tejay van Garderen, BMC Racing disappointed after Paris-Nice gear blunder. 
French/Slovenian group, including Cyril Dessel and a former La Vie Claire mechanic, wants a WorldTour team in 2016. 
Preview: #MilanoSanremo turns back the clock with a finish on Via Roma. 
Pro Rider Journal: @ChadHaga recounts an up-and-down week of racing at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Here's what's inside the April 2015 issue of Velo magazine, which explores cycling's gray areas. 
A French/Slovenian collaboration, including retired pro Cyril Dessel, is aiming to organize a WorldTour team for 2016 
#TBT to 1984, when Francesco Moser won Milano-Sanremo. His nephew, Moreno Moser will race the monument on Sunday. 
Simon Gerrans aims to put his winter of discontent in the rearview at Vuelta al Pais Vasco next month. 
Photo Essay: Tirreno-Adriatico. Skiers at the finish of a WorldTour race? Yep, that happened. 
Chad Haga Journal: @ChadHaga is reminded of how hard the WorldTour is in Tirreno's TTs, hilly days, and snowy weather 
Velo Buyer's Guide 2015: Endurance road bikes. Five sweet rides for the roughest roads. 
Video: Not sure what tire pressure is best for mountain biking? @gmbntweet asks the pros. 
Team SmartStop will send Zach Bell, Rob Britton, Jure Kocjan, Julian Kyer, and Eric Marcotte to Tour of Taiwan, March 22-26.
Is the world ready for single-ring road drivetrains? 
Video: Who will take La Primavera on Sunday? @gcntweet
picks 10 favorites for Milano-Sanremo. 
Building a mountain bike on a budget? Ask a Mechanic has tips to find budget-friendly 10-speed Shimano parts. 
Nibali admits he came to Tirreno overweight but is sure he'll be back to race form after he sheds the winter timber. 
Team MTN-Qhubeka is fundraising to donate 295 bikes to charity as it gears up to ride the 295km Milano-Sanremo. 
Nizzolo notches first win of the season at GP Nobili in Italy, sprinting out of a small group after a fast day. 
Photo Essay: @BrakeThrough recaps Tirreno-Adriatico, from the seaside TT to snowy Terminillo. 
Bardiani-CSF is at the leading edge of Italian cycling's new wave of young talent, writes @LVCKV 
One ring to rule them all? Rumblings of SRAM 1X road kit grow louder as triathlete is spotted with single-ring setup. 
Video: @gcntweet discusses 10 riders to watch in Sunday’s Milano-Sanremo. 
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up a budget-friendly MTB drivetrain using Shimano 10-speed parts. 
Vincenzo Nibali looking to “drop dead weight” after Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Gallery: Metal or carbon bikes not right for you? Handmade builders turn to organic materials. 
Video: An aerial view of a crit around Richmond International Raceway. 
USA Cycling announces courses for 2015 pro road nationals, including Chattanooga's Lookout Mountain climb. 
Tinkoff-Saxo rallies behind Sagan for Sanremo, hoping he's got his mojo back after Tirreno win. 
USAC's pro nationals return to Chattanooga, Tennessee May 23-25, featuring Lookout Mountain climb in the road race and a rolling TT course.
Nys speaks out against TUEs: "A top athlete is someone who has all his capabilities without any need for assistance.”

A new, wider MTB axle size is on the horizon, as SRAM announces new Boost hubs and forks it says will be stiffer 
Dan Martin happy to rack up the race miles at Tirreno ahead of Catalunya and the Ardennes classics. 
"Kingtana" shows resiliency, bouncing back from injuries, fighting through snow to win Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Gallery: The swoopy lines of Moonmen Bikes made an impression at #NAHBS. 
Tinkoff-Saxo all in for Peter Sagan at #milanosanremo: Breschel, Bennati, Kreuziger, Bodnar, Juul-Jensen, Boaro, Tosatto.
Six years after his last victory in Sanremo, can Cavendish win again? He's had a rough ride in the last few weeks.  
Gallery: No welding required for these organic bikes found at #NAHBS. 
Etixx-Quick-Step to #milanosanremo: Cavendish, Golas, Kwiatkowski, Renshaw, Sabatini, Stybar, Vandenbergh, Vermote
Kris Boeckmans blasts away from peloton on cobblestone finale to win Nokere Koerse. 
.@EuroHoody names two under-the-radar favorites to watch at Milano-Sanremo this Sunday. 
LottoNL-Jumbo's Robert Gesink will miss next week's Volta Ciclista a Catalunya due to a "minor" knee injury suffered in training.
Video: Got a long race or ride on your calendar but not much free time to train? @gcntweet has advice to get you fit. 
In the News: Armstrong meets with USADA chief Tygart, seeking clemency after CIRC report. 
Dan Martin tells @gregorbrown he’s focused on Catalunya, Ardennes Classics after a 25th at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Colombian climber Quintana is king at Tirreno-Adriatico, writes @EuroHoody. 
Tech FAQ: Shimano's new 11-speed front derailleurs require a bit more care to set up, as @lennardzinn explains. 
Gallery: Beautiful bikes get beautiful displays at NAHBS. 
Tour of Britain's 2015 route will include a new, tough summit finish atop Hartside Fell on stage 5. 
The Valley Preferred Cycling Center, a.k.a. T-Town in Lehigh Valley, PA, is celebrating its 40th anniversary. 
Technical FAQ: Not so sure how to set up that new 11-speed Shimano front derailleur? @lennardzinn has the details. 
Fabian Cancellara says an off-season of perfect training gave him clarity ahead of 2015 classics season. 
Gallery: Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 7. Quintana comes out on top in first battle of GC heavies. 
Video: Team LottoNL-Jumbo looks ahead to Sunday's Milano-Sanremo. 

Fabian Cancellara gets revenge in final Tirreno TT, as Quintana wins overall, despite ceding time to Mollema.

Cancellara wins the seventh and final stage of Tirreno-Adriatico, and Quintana seals the deal on overall victory in TT.
PowerTap announces new pedal-based and chainring-based power meters. 
Gallery: Bike stands were almost as impressive as the bikes at the #NAHBS. 
Legally Speaking: Do you ride with a video camera? Bob Mionske weighs in on this useful tool. 
UCI chief Brian Cookson blasts Lance Armstrong’s Tour de France charity ride plans. 
Universal Sports Network has announced it will provide daily live coverage of the Volta a Catalunya, March 23-29.
Uran may not be able to stretch his wings in Tirreno's 10km TT, but he has his eye on the Giro's individual test. 
Is Peter Sagan under pressure to win more? 
Gallery: Check out the rain-soaked Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6. 
Peter Sagan takes his first win of 2015 in a rainy day at Tirreno-Adriatico.

Video: @colcollective descends the Passo Gavia into Ponte di Legno. 
Snowy finish to Tirreno-Adriatico’s stage 5 reignites weather debate, writes @EuroHoody. 
American Kiel Reijnen wins the KOM classification at the eight-day Tour de Langkawi. @aaronshanelee reports. 
Video: @colcollective climbs the Passo Gavia, a 25.6km climb @cottydale calls “a truly inspirational mountain.” 
Sign up for the Prologue, VeloNews' email newsletter for regular updates on all the big stories. 
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is keeping quiet. 
In the News: Guess who may be coming back to the Tour de France (well, kind of)? 
Gallery: Monte Terminillo throws a chill into the GC at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Stone-cold Nairo Quintana may have put the other contenders on ice at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Andrea Guardini just can't stop winning stages as Youcef Reguigui gets the title at Langkawi. 
Results from the finale to Paris-Nice. 
Nairo Quintana shows his stuff en route to Monte Terminillo, taking over at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Richie Porte surfs to a soggy second title at the "Race to the Sun." 
Emily Batty and Raphael Gagné win the first race in the US Cup cross-country mountain bike series in Bonelli Park, California.
Gallery: After a rainy day in Paris-Nice, Gallopin holds the yellow jersey.

Expect a battle of the grand-tour stars Sunday as Tirreno-Adriatico goes to Monte Terminillo. 
It's a very happy birthday for Jolien D'hoore, who won the women's World Cup opener. 
Results from stage 6 at Paris-Nice. 
Gallery: A rough ride in stage 4 of Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Tony Gallopin wins stage 6, takes a commanding lead into the final stage of Paris-Nice. 
Wouter Poels attacks to the stage win and the overall lead at Tirreno-Adriatico. 
An ailing MTN-Qhubeka squad feels better after Youcef Reguiqui takes the lead at Langkawi. 
Gallery: Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3. Greg Van Avermaet wins a close sprint finish in Arezzo.

Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 5. Cimolai beats Coquard to line after De Gendt caught in last km.

With summit finish looming on Tour de Langkawi's penultimate stage, Natnael Berhane well-positioned for GC push

Greg Van Avermaet's Tirreno timing just right with classics looming

Results: Davide Cimolai captures victory in stage 5 at Paris-Nice. 
After De Gendt was caught inside the final km of the race, Cimolai outsprinted Coquard to win Paris-Nice stage 5.

Greg Van Avermaet wins stage 3 at Tirreno-Adriatico, takes GC lead. 
UCI announces suite of anti-doping measures in response to CIRC’s report. 
Fabian Cancellara’s improving finishing sprint is bolstering his hopes for more classics success, writes @EuroHoody. 
UCI announces measures to
strengthen anti-doping and governance following CIRC report 
Caleb Ewan wins stage 6 at the Tour de Langkawi to extend his overall lead. 
Gallery: Stunning road and track machines from the North American Handmade Bike Show. #NAHBS 
Stybar's Strade Bianche success lends new confidence to the 'cross star ahead of spring classics campaign. 
How does the pro peloton really feel about the revelations of the CIRC doping report? 
Video: 10 best beards. @gcntweet picks its favorite hirsute pros. 
Sagan has little to say about his paltry 2015 results, but Tinkoff-Saxo stands by its man for the classics. 
Gallery: Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 2. Debusschere seizes opportunity in sprint's crash chaos. 
Loren Rowney crashes in Drenthe finish after spectator apparently reaches over barriers and grabs her handlebars. 
Results: Paris-Nice, stage 4. Kwiatkowski is back on top as Team Sky climbs to victory. 
Gallery: The Handmade Bike Show's beautiful road and track rigs. 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 4. Sky dominates final climb, Kwiatkowski climbs back into yellow.

Giorgia Bronzini (Wiggle-Honda) wins Molecaten Drentse 8 van Westerveld ahead of Scandolara and van Vleuten. 
Despite a less-than-ideal final climb on Langkawi's penultimate stage, Sky set to back Henao's GC bid on Saturday. 
Stybar heads into the classics with good form, 'cross skills, and confidence gained from a win at Strade Bianche. 
Debusschere on today's Tirreno win: "After the Belgian championship, this is the nicest victory in my career.”

Jens Debusschere (Lotto-Soudal) wins stage 2 of Tirreno-Adriatico.
Richie Porte wins stage 4 at Paris-Nice, Michal Kwiatkowski leads GC. 
CPA delegates plan to be present at all WorldTour races to represent the interests of the peloton. 
The CPA, the professional riders association, has launched a program to make at least one CPA Delegate present at all UCI WorldTour events
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up and adjusting Shimano direct mount brakes. 
Seo Joon Yong solos to stage 5 win at Tour de Langkawi. 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of UCI’s CIRC report. @EuroHoody reports from #Tirreno. 
All the top VeloNews stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign up for the Prologue: 
Comprehensive news on the CIRC report from @CaleyFretz @EuroHoody, and all our contributors, all in one place: 
Gallery: Hit the dirt with mountain bikes, 'cross bikes, and more from NAHBS. 
Adriano Malori dreams of wearing yellow at the Tour, but for now, blue at Tirreno is just fine. 
Gallery: Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 1. Italian TT champ struts his stuff in front of home crowd. 
Night moves: Anti-doping authorities seek expanded testing hours, provoking outcry from pro riders. 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 3. Matthews asserts himself, winning the day and taking yellow. 
Will Gerrans defend his Liège title next month? Strade Bianche crash sidelines Aussie for second time this year. 
Tom Boonen surgery update: "The joint is stable, and the surgery went well." Etixx team did not specify the recovery timeline.
The Silver City Daily Press reports that Tour of the Gila has found a 2015 title sponsor.
Results: Paris-Nice, stage 3. Matthews sprints his way into the yellow jersey. 
Malori slips on blue leader's jersey at Tirreno-Adriatico, time-trialing to victory, one second ahead of Cancellara. 
Adriano Malori (Movistar) wins stage 1 of Tirreno-Adriatico. Cancellara is second by one second, and Van Avermaet is third.
Orica-GreenEdge tees up Paris-Nice stage 3 for Matthews, who handily wins the punchy sprint and takes GC lead. 
Orica-GreenEdge's Michael Matthews wins stage 3 of Paris-Nice.
Gallery: Hincapie Racing Team camp. Young riders put in base miles on cool, foggy roads. 
Did you know? Verbruggen is still the UCI's honorary president. Cookson wants that to change. 
Andrea Guardini wins his 17th career Tour de Langkawi stage as Caleb Ewan maintains GC lead through stage 4. 
Gallery: Fat bikes and gravel bikes at #NAHBS2015. 
Video: Who's riding what in the women's pro peloton this season from @gcntweet 
Cancellara on Boonen injury: "It’s a big pity that it happens to him."

Pre-race Tirreno favorites Contador, Nibali, Quintana, and others weigh in on their expectations ahead of tomorrow. 
South Chicago Velodrome Association aims to save local track prior to April 1 deadline. 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 2. Rainy roads and a red-hot sprint highlight Tuesday's race 
Looking to mix and match 11- and 10-speed drivetrain parts? @lennardzinn explains what works and what doesn't. 
Cookson says he and UCI won't push to have Armstrong's ban reduced. 
Results: Paris-Nice, stage 2. Kwiatkowski still in GC lead as Greipel wins sprint, and Degenkolb moves up in overall 
Cancellara wishes Boonen well as his long-time classics rival heads into surgery tomorrow after Paris-Nice crash. 
Kiel Reijnen fights through the pain to establish a convincing lead in Langkawi mountains classification. 
Ag2r manager Lavenu on Mondory doping: “I have a sense of betrayal. I hope he has the courage to tell the truth.” 
Six-time Swedish TT champ Gustav Larsson will go for hour record this Saturday in Manchester, England. 
Contador confirms he spoke to CIRC: "I was happy to have collaborated with them, and to work with them.”

UCI boss Cookson will press Verbruggen to vacate role as honorary UCI president in wake of CIRC report.

Tech FAQ: How compatible are 10- and 11-speed drivetrain components? @lennardzinn provides the answers.

Photo essay from @BrakeThrough: images from the inaugural women's edition of the race in beautiful Tuscany, Italy.

Ag2r La Mondiale's Lloyd Mondory tests positive for EPO. 
Boonen to undergo shoulder surgery: "It was a stupid crash with big consequences at Paris-Nice yesterday." 
Lotto-Soudal delivers Greipel to stage 2 success at Paris-Nice. 
Froome or no, Contador, Quintana, Nibali, and other stars set for major battle at Tirreno-Adriatico.

Contador confirms he'll stay with Tinkoff-Saxo for 2016 season. 
Third time's the charm for Caleb Ewan in Langkawi. The 20-year-old takes the fight to Guardini in the mountains. 
Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov tweets that Alberto Contador has signed with the team through 2016 
Belgian cyclocross racer Patrick Gaudy killed while training after collision with truck in Belgium. 
Multiple-time Swedish time trial champion Gustav Larsson will attempt to break the UCI Hour Record in Manchester on Saturday, March 14.
Cookson on CIRC report: “I have no desire to be the president that let Armstrong off the hook, or anything like that”

Longo not among fatalities in collision that killed 8 members of TV show “Dropped,” of which she was cast member 
Wildcard teams for Flèche Wallonne and Liège-Bastogne-Liège announced. MTN-Qhubeka punches its ticket for both.

Results: Paris-Nice, stage 1. Kwiatkowski keeps the yellow jersey as Kristoff claim's race's first bunch sprint. 
Strade Bianche photo essay. @BrakeThrough captures images from one of the spring's most beautiful races. 
Lampre-Merida withdraws from MPCC: "These principles set out by the MPCC are not possible to agree upon." 
Gallery: Best in Show bikes from NAHBS 2015. 
Gallery: The breakaway comes close, but it's a day for the sprinters in Paris-Nice stage 1. 
Amid the doom and gloom surrounding the CIRC report, @CaleyFretz sees reasons for cautious optimism. 
UPDATE: Boonen will not race northern classics due AC joint dislocation suffered today at Paris-Nice. 
Strava on a watch? Popular fitness site will offer its app on the Apple Watch, with real-time segment splits and more 
Tirreno-Adriatico organizers forced to scrap stage 1 TTT in favor of shorter ITT due to wind damage, downed trees.

Photo Essay: Strade Bianche men's race. Hard, dirty racing, and a big win for Stybar. 
Katusha's Kristoff freelances his way to a stage win in Paris-Nice, his fifth race win of the season.

Katusha's Alexander Kristoff wins stage two of Paris-Nice.
Tom Boonen crashes in final 20km of today's Paris-Nice stage. Stay tuned for updates. Looks to be a shoulder injury.
Andrea Guardini grabs second stage win at Tour de Langkawi in sprint finish. 
Former UCI president Verbruggen says CIRC report unfairly portrays him in an "extremely one-sided" manner.

UCI President Brian Cookson: Doping in cycling “still an endemic problem.” 
Neo-pro Caleb Ewan in the spotlight at Tour de Langkawi. 
Marcel Kittel pulls out of Tirreno-Adriatico. 
CIRC investigated doping in the modern peloton. It found evidence of TUE and Corticoid abuse, micro-dosing, and more. 
“Disappointed” Chris Froome withdraws from Tirreno-Adriatico. 
@Uschi_Ler There is context in the story, but not in 140 characters. That's two different estimates.
Slow evening? Download and read all 227 pages of the CIRC report 
20-90 percent of the pro peloton is still cheating, according to CIRC Report interviews 
CIRC report paints grim portrait of pro cycling 
McQuaid, Vinokourov, Tygart among those interviewed by CIRC 
CIRC Report: Full text of the executive summary 
Optum’s Ryan Anderson won a stage of Grande Premio do Guadiana in Portugal today, his first UCI victory.
Gallery: A fast start to Paris-Nice. 
Yves Lampaert hits the trifecta in West Flanders: overall, points and best young rider. 
Results from the Paris-Nice prologue. 
World road champ Michal Kwiatkowski edges Rohan Dennis in the Paris-Nice prologue. 
Michal Kwiatkowski (Etixx) wins 6.7km #ParisNice prologue, .03sec ahead of Rohan Dennis (BMC Racing). Tony Martin (Etixx) third, 7sec back.
Andrea Guardini's hot streak continues with a victory in stage 1 at the Tour de Langkawi. 
Gallery: Tim De Waele takes us on a tour of a windy, dusty Strade Bianche. 
Etixx scores again on Saturday as Yves Lampaert takes the lead in West Flanders. 
Results from the Strade Bianche men's and women's races. 
Greg Van Avermaet jumped first, but Zdenek Stybar jumped best at Strade Bianche. 
Zdenek Stybar wins the Strade Bianche ... and the champion cyclocrosser didn't even have to run the final climb.
American Megan Guarnier (Boels Dolmans) has won the inaugural Strade Bianche women’s race after a solo break 20 km from the finish.
Bombshell or a dud? The CIRC will release its report about cycling’s “EPO era” on Monday. 
With its title sponsor gone, the Tour of the Gila is in jeopardy of cancellation. 
MTN-Qhubeka has high hopes ahead of Tour de France debut. 
Ryder Hesjedal resumes march toward the Giro d’Italia at Saturday’s Strade Bianche. 
UCI to release the findings of its Cycling Independent Reform Commission (CIRC) report on Monday, March 9. 
Zipp unveils thru-axle 202 and 303 wheels: 
The peloton’s strongmen are ready to tackle Strade Bianche and its 45km of gravel roads. @gregorbrown reports: 
ASO's new partnership with Dimension Data hints at improved telemetry info for Tour de France broadcasts. Thoughts? 
Sprinters and GC guys ... Will they ever get along? Tinkoff says Contador and Sagan will be fine together at Tirreno. 
ASO's new partnership with Dimension Data hints at improved telemetry info for Tour de France broadcasts. 
Who's your pick for the inaugural women's Strade Bianche? 
@skinmanbk He's slated to race both. 
@Cycling_CEO Yep, that's why we suggest going with the Ultegra cassette.
Can Uran give Etixx-Quick-Step its first-ever grand tour GC win? Giro's long TT could be key. 
Can Sagan's stage-hunting ambitions coexist with Contador's GC focus? @EuroHoody says Tirreno will be a first test. 
Apparently, reigning 'cross world champ Mathieu van der Poel knows his way around a dirt jump bike too! 
Here's what to expect for the first-ever running of the women's Strade Bianche. 
UCI’s Athletes’ Commission will see an organizational shakeup and a modernization this season. 
Paris-Nice will offer GC up-and-comers a chance to shine. Will Richie Porte deliver as a five-star favorite? 
“I am confident. I like the parcours a lot. It suits me perfectly" - Uran after previewing Giro's 59km ITT course. 
Video: @gcntweet picks 10 riders to watch at Tirreno-Adriatico, which gets underway next Wednesday. 
What's Ned Overend's secret? How to use high-intensity training to get faster even as you age. 
Ag2r La Mondiale's Axel Domont breaks his collarbone in yesterday's Le Samyn. It's the fifth time he's broken his left clavicle.
Video: @colcollective takes us up the Col du Tourmalet, the famed Tour de France climb. 
UCI announces changes, modernization to Athletes’ Commission. 
Video: Art’s Cyclery shows us how to properly feed cable housing through handlebars. 
Preview: “Race to the Sun” will give sprinters, GC riders a chance to shine next week, writes @CaleyFretz. 
Book excerpt: Read how Ned Overend stays in top condition at age 59 in “Fast After 50.” 
The Flemish Cycling Museum (@WieMuRoeselare) has posted a bibliography of English books on pro bike racing 
With UCI/WADA appeal to CAS on the horizon, @gregorbrown looks at Kreuziger's chances to beat the bio passport rap. 
@Martin_Aagaard Apologies, you are correct.
Deja-vu: Etixx-Quick-Step has the numerical advantage in Le Samyn finale, but is out-gunned by Boeckmans. 
Kerry Werner joins Raleigh-Clement team to bolster its mountain bike squad and race 'cross next fall as well. 
Jamis-Hagens Berman is teaming up with Farm to Fork Fondo for a ride in Pittsfield, Vermont this July. 
Levi Leipheimer spoofs "Memento" in "Mementum," a video short that promotes his gran fondo ... kind of ... we think? 
Best mechanical group on the market? After 10k miles of riding, Dura-Ace 9000 still impresses.

A few @BestBikeSplit mentions in there as well :) 
Photo Essay: Behind the scenes in Portugal with Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies.  
Axel Merckx aims to continue guiding young talent to the WorldTour with new-look Axeon team.  
Boeckmans out-sprints Meersman to win Le Samyn after rough cobblestone section splits the peloton in finale.

Lotto-Soudal's Kris Boeckmans out-foxes Etixx-Quick-Step's sprint train to win Le Samyn.
@beermancyclist It's less expensive than the electric group and also lighter. The cable issue can be avoided by more regular replacement.
Italian helmet company Kask announces its sponsorship of Saturday's Strade Bianche race.
Under the guidance of Axel Merckx, Axeon feeds top talent to WorldTour. 
Chantal Blaak (Boels-Dolmans) wins women's Le Samyn ahead of Rabobank-Liv's van der Breggen. 
Photo essay: Follow Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies as it races in Portugal. 
After two years of testing, we concluded that Dura-Ace 9000 is the best mechanical group on the market. Here’s why: 
Super Sunday for Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies, as the team collected wins in Portugal and California. 
Blue Bicycles announces it will sponsor new women's road team, BMW-Happy Tooth Dental Group. They'll ride the Axino SL road bike.
Stannard and company on track to diversify Sky's trophy case with classics results. 

Shopping for a new saddle? @LoganVB says the new Specialized Power offers comfort for aggressive positions. 
Epic Rides announces free concerts at both The Whiskey and Grand Junction Off-Road mountain bike races. 
Simon Gerrans hasn't raced since worlds in September, due to injury. He'll line up at Strade Bianche on Saturday. 

Tech FAQ: If the peloton switched to disc brakes, would braking heat problems be solved? @lennardzinn has answers. 
In the News: A 54-year-old spectator is dead after a feedzone crash in a Belgian elite race on Sunday. 
Two-time 'cross world champion Bart Wellens announces retirement after sub-par 2014-2015 race season. 
USA Cycling names Pan-Am MTB championships team, including Ettinger, Wells, Davison, Gould, and 16 others. 
Andrew Talansky's road to the Tour de France runs through Paris-Nice, which starts this Sunday. 
LottoNL-Jumbo and Kevin de Weert aim to set the record straight, saying he is not implicated in Mertens doping case. 
Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn on using multiple Di2 batteries, dealing with hot brakes, and more. 
Gran Fondo Giro d'Italia to offer KOM challenge on the Mortirolo, a 4,229-foot climb featured in Giro's queen stage. 
Bradley Wiggins heads to Paris-Nice to tune-up form ahead of Roubaix next month. 
Ian Stannard’s Omloop Het Nieuwsblad win proves Sky’s classics strength, writes @gregorbrown. 
New Specialized saddle is designed for riders who prefer an aggressive position and seek both support and comfort. 
Q&amp;A: Andrew Talansky headed to Paris-Nice with 2015 season built around Tour. 
Are you getting The Prologue, VeloNews' weekly email newsletter? Stay up to speed on all of cycling's stories. 
Gallery: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. A look back at the day Stannard won against a stacked deck. 
Gallery: Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne. Etixx-Quick-Step delivers Cavendish to the top spot. 
How many Americans ride bikes? New study may offer more comprehensive data, and the number is bigger than expected. 
What's in a name? MTN-Qhubeka takes a fresh approach, putting its non-profit partner, Qhubeka, front and center.

Roche on ex-teammate Contador's run at the double: "Alberto is someone who likes to prove he can do the impossible."

American Caleb Fairly happy with new team as he reunites with former High Road teammate Degenkolb at Giant-Alpecin.

What a difference a day makes. Etixx’s hard lesson at Omloop pays dividends in Kuurne. 
Schleck: “I am recovering, but it has not gone as fast as I had hoped. ... I am obviously very disappointed.”

Still recovering from a crash suffered in Ruta del Sol, Trek's Fränk Schleck will not start Paris-Nice this Sunday.
GC showdown looms at next week's Tirreno-Adriatico, with Contador, Nibali, Froome, and Quintana all confirmed to race 
Book Excerpt: "Fast After 50" explains how masters can use interval training to counter effects of aging on VO2 max. 
MTN-Qhubeka will make history as first African team to race Tour, but its charity mission is just as ground-breaking. 
Analysis: How did Mark Cavendish win Sunday’s Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne? @dbseaton has the story. 
Results from the Drome Classic. 
Gallery: Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne. 
Samuel Dumoulin wins the Drome Classic with an attack in the closing kilometers. 
Results from Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne. 
Mark Cavendish says he grabbed the right wheel to win Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne. 
Philippe Gilbert nearly stole the show, but it was Mark Cavendish who finally took center stage at Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne.
From ditch to sofa to victory: Sky's Ian Stannard gets back on track. 
Gallery: Photos from the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. 
Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne Preview: Tomorrow could be a day for the sprinters ... or not. 
Anna van der Breggen overpowers Ellen van Dijk to win the women's Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. 
Results from the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. 
Sky's Ian Stannard out-fights three Etixx strongmen to win Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. 
Ian Stannard was "a bit worried" with three Etixx riders for company in the finale of Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. He sure didn't look like it.
Sarah Storey's hour record attempt is underway. WATCH: 
Sarah Storey's hour record attempt is underway in 15 minutes. Watch live on VeloNews: 
BMC Racing's Greg Van Avermaet will face Belgian doping inquiry, but denies wrongdoing. 
Cyclevox announces the the world’s first dedicated women’s cycling video channel, Voxwomen.  
BMC Racing Team statement regarding the investigation into Greg Van Avermaet’s involvement with Dr. Chris Mertens 
Belgium’s @sportwereld_be reports that BMC's Greg van Avermaet is under investigation in Mertens “ozone doping” case 
Sarah Storey will attempt to break the hour record tomorrow at 10 a.m Eastern. Watch live on VeloNews: 
From playing hotel pianos after races to listening to Freakonomics while training, Chad Haga is not your ordinary pro 
Kessiakoff on Astana: “I was scared and sad ... And I felt powerless, I couldn’t do anything." 
Friday fun: @gcntweet takes a look at Matti Breschel's bottomless suitcase of cycling kit. 
GP of Portland is postponed due to lack of sponsorship. Organizers hope to get the UCI one-day race on track for 2016 
Amgen Tour of California announces that Jens Voigt will serve as an advisor and TV analyst in "ambassador" role. 
Race Preview: Will Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne be a day for sprinters, or will rotten weather give the breakaway a chance? 
UDPATE: Astana statement suggests it will appeal to CAS if WorldTour license is revoked in wake of UCI audit. 
In the News: Baby medication infusions discovered in Tom Meeusen's camper. He may face two-year ban. 
ICYMI: UCI says Astana audit “contains compelling grounds” to pull the team's WorldTour license.

UCI and @richmond2015 announce that all worlds road race courses will take on steep 23rd St. climb next fall. 
Book excerpt: "Fast After 50," by @jfriel, explains how high-intensity training can help aging athletes stay fit. 
Fredrik Kessiakoff says Astana's win-at-all-costs attitude prematurely ended his pro career. 
Greg Van Avermaet targets classics for 'big win' in 2015. 
Book Excerpt: ‘Fast After 50′ offers high-intensity training advice. 
The UCI requests that Astana’s Pro Team license be withdrawn. 
Omloop preview: @CaleyFretz explains that, while exciting, the early race is not an ideal barometer for Ronde success

Following ISSUL audit, UCI recommends to Licence Commission that Astana's WorldTour license is withdrawn 
UCI: "Audit revealed big difference between policies Astana presented to Licence Commission &amp; reality on the ground" 
Breaking: Following ISSUL audit, UCI recommends to Licence Commission that Astana's WorldTour licence is withdrawn 
@MisterSandwich Giro is on BeIn Sports. Does not appear that there are many other women's events, aside from worlds.
Preview: Omloop provides an opportunity for fresh faces to make an impression at the start of the spring season. 
Wondering what TV station you can watch your favorite race on this season? 
Video: @TheProsCloset gives us a rundown of the Lotus that Colby Pearce rode to a U.S. hour record in 1995. 
How does 100 miles on a trainer sound to you? Lawson Craddock's injuries haven't stopped him from logging big miles. 

Ask a Mechanic has advice on picking the best SRAM road parts to meet your budget. 
Bouhanni hopes to put his new Cofidis team to the test at Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne this weekend.

American Tyler Farrar has a fresh start this season with MTN-Qhubeka, and he hopes to snatch an elusive classics win. 
A female director in the European men's peloton is a novelty for some, but it's business as usual for Heal and UHC. 
Video: @gcntweet runs through the 10 (or more) riders to watch this weekend. 
Week in Tech: New gear from Enve and Bontrager. Foundry goes ti and Salsa picks carbon for gravel bikes. 
Van Houweling bests her U.S. women's hour record by nearly 1.5km in Mexico, sets Pan-Am record

Video: Check out the bike Colby Pearce rode to the U.S. hour record in 1995. 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing SRAM road components on a budget. 
Lotto-Soudal says Jürgen Roelandts is a scratch for Omloop and Kuurne due to flu. Greipel is also ailing and uncertain for Sunday's race.
Nacer Bouhanni bets on custom-made sprint train at Cofidis, reports @gregorbrown. 
Tyler Farrar starts 2015 classics campaign this weekend. @EuroHoody reports. 
Sign up for The Prologue, VeloNews' weekly email newsletter to stay up to speed on all of cycling's big stories. 
@2WheelTonio @SSbike 270 meters is correct. Sorry for the fuzzy math.
Paris-Roubaix names 25 teams to race the April 12 monument. 
Alchemy set to unveil new mountain bike, a carbon fiber hardtail XC rig, at the North American Handmade Bike Show. 
Tech FAQ: What's behind the flat tires that contributed to the Tour of Oman stage 5 cancellation? 
After learning of Alexandr Pliuschin's non-negative Salbutamol test result from 2014, Baku team suspends Moldovan.

Dekker's bid to set hour record and revive pro career comes up short as he fails to break Dennis' mark. 
Top climbers like Majka and Aru line up for a shot at Paris-Nice with a summit finish and uphill TT on tap. 
Merckx says local Tour of Oman organizers "very angry with a few riders and some teams may not be invited back.”

Paris-Roubaix names eight wildcard teams, including UnitedHealthcare, Europcar, Cofidis, and MTN Qhubeka. 
Belgian U-23 'cross champ Sweeck may face two-year suspension for allegedly injecting baby medicine to aid recovery.

Technical FAQ: @lennardzinn
investigates the rash of flats that contributed to the Tour of Oman stage 5 controversy. 
Eddy Merckx reacts to “stupid” rider protest at Tour of Oman. 
Novo Nordisk rider Ruud Cremers hospitalized with head injury during race in Dominican Republic. 
Track cycling world champion and road sprinter Fernando Gaviria signs with Etixx-Quick Step. 
Team Sky announces lineup for Saturday's Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Wiggins, defending champ Stannard among the starters.

In his latest journal entry, @philgaimon takes on the Volta ao Algarve &amp; gets acquainted with stray cats around town

Video: @colcollective takes on the imposing but picturesque Col de la Bonette, providing tips &amp; insight along the way

Etixx-Quick-Step has signed Colombian Fernando Gaviria, the new world omnium champ who twice beat Mark Cavendish in Argentina, for 2016-2017
Joaquin Rodriguez playing catch up to find form for Ardennes, grand tours. 
Contador on Giro-Tour double: “Extra motivation for me, something completely different, a challenge.” 
Nairo Quintana confirmed for Tirreno-Adriatico start in March. 
Trek officials: Frank Schleck “healing slowly” from Ruta del Sol crash. 
Amstel Gold Race announces its full lineup of wildcard teams for the April race. 
CCC Sprandi Polkowice receives invite to Amstel Gold Race, meaning 2004 AGR winner Davide Rebellin, now 43, may be on the start line.
Former Giro d'Italia director Michele Acquarone: “race organizers have too much power”

Thrilling Ruta del Sol just the first chapter in what promises to be a season-long battle between Froome and Contador

Roman Kreuziger on biological passport case: “Very few believe in the UCI.” @gregorbrown reports. 
Video: @gcntweet demonstrates how to service Look and Shimano pedals. 
Brent Bookwalter: Cycling needs extreme weather protocol, better riders’ benefits, and more. 
Belgian spring classic E3 Harelbeke has released a controversial poster for its 2015 edition. Thoughts? 
Anna Meares takes 11th title as France closes out track worlds with two strong performances. 
A final gallery from the 2015 Tour of Oman. 
Tejay van Garderen rues a missed opportunity in Oman. 
Chris Froome stays vigilant in the finale to clinch the overall title at the Ruta del Sol. 
Rafael Valls jubilant after winning Tour of Oman, calls it a "reward" for years of struggle. 
Track worlds: Fernando Gaviria wins men's omnium, Kristina Vogel defends her sprint title. 
Gallery: Stage 4 of the Ruta del Sol. 
Friday was Alberto Contador's day to shine at the Ruta, but Saturday it was all Chris Froome. 
UCI chief Brian Cookson says names will be named and hints at some "uncomfortable things" in upcoming CIRC report. 
Chris Froome takes the fight to Alberto Contador at the Ruta del Sol. 
Eddy Merckx, peloton clash over rider safety at the Tour of Oman. 
Riders say perilous conditions made it imperative to cancel stage 5 at the Tour of Oman. 
Vincenzo Nibali brushes off struggles at Tour of Oman. 
Sarah Storey's hour record attempt will be broadcast live by the UCI, free from geo-blocking, on Feb 28 at 9:30am EST.
Gallery: Rafael Valls takes fourth stage and overall Tour of Oman lead atop Green Mountain.

Contador storms to Ruta del Sol stage 3 victory, extending his overall lead

With more stability in the back-office, LottoNL-Jumbo is optimistic about this season.

Tejay van Garderen “frustrated” after finishing second in stage 4 at Tour of Oman. 
Spain’s Rafael Valls climbs into the Tour of Oman lead after winning stage 4. 
Video: @gcntweet climbs the Col de la Madone in southern France. 
Hour record holder Rohan Dennis tells @aaronshanelee he almost quit cycling last year. 
Gallery: Juan Jose Lobato wins stage 2 at the Ruta del Sol. 
Gallery: Scenes from the third stage of the Tour of Oman, won by Alexander Kristoff. 
Bronze for American Bobby Lea and upsets in the team pursuit at the second day of track worlds  
Tour de France director Christian Prudhomme talks onboard cameras, Lance Armstrong, and more with @gregorbrown. 
Organizers announce the men’s and women’s routes for the 2015 Amgen Tour of California. 
Tune in now for live video from the Amgen Tour of California 2015 route announcement. 
Live presentation of 2015 Amgen Tour of California route begins in 15 minutes. 
Movistar's Juan José Lobato sprints to victory in Ruta del Sol's second stage, while Contador retains overall lead

Starting 2015 with an Étoile de Bessèges win &amp; a strong Ruta del Sol TT, Bob Jungels looks poised for a breakout year

Ask a Mechanic: Where to spend your money when upgrading your MTB to a SRAM 1x11 drivetrain. 
Alexander Kristoff takes stage 3 at the Tour of Oman. 
Amgen Tour of California will announce 2015 route tomorrow at 11:30 a.m. PST. Watch the live presentation on VeloNews 
Legally Speaking with Olympic cyclist Bob Mionske returns to VeloNews to answer your questions about bicycle law. 
World track championships underway in France, as Chinese set world record, American Geist medals in points race.

Gallery: Ruta del Sol, stage 1a/1b: After a split stage, Contador is in leader's jersey. 
UPDATE: Schleck's injury is diagnosed as a deep muscular injury in his quadricep after Ruta del Sol crash. 
The Court of Arbitration for Sport will hear WADA's appeal to lengthen Bruyneel's ban on March 2. 
Froome says, "the legs felt good," after explosive Ruta del Sol time trial. He now sits fourth overall. 
Schleck hits the deck at Ruta del Sol, withdraws from race after stage 1a with leg injury. 
In the News: Armstrong pleads guilty to careless driving in Aspen after hitting parked cars in December. 
Meersman at Algarve: "I didn't know him personally, but know he was a big champion, and I dedicate this to Claude." 
Movistar's Moreno wins Ruta del Sol stage 1b. Contador takes overall race lead with fourth-fastest ride in short TT. 
Gallery: Tour of Oman, stage 2. Cancellara powers to first win of 2015 in hilly finale.

Criquielion, a former world champion, winner of Ronde Van Vlaanderen, La Flèche Wallonne, and more, dies at 58.

Etixx-Quick-Step's Gianni Meersman opens his account at Volta ao Algarve with stage 1 win. Sky's Swift is second in 197.2km stage.
Van Garderen draws on "bittersweet" 2014 Tour to work on weaknesses and is impressed by talented Tour of Oman field. 
Bretagne-Séché's Daniel McLay wins stage 3 of the Tropicale Amissa Bongo, out-sprinting Hutarovich. Rafaa Chtioui keeps overall lead.
Belgian cycling great Claude Criquielion dies at age 58. 
Cancellara takes “small step” toward 2015 classics success with Oman stage 2 win. 
Dutchman Pim Ligthart claims victory in stage 1a at Ruta del Sol. 
Fabian Cancellara wins stage 2 at Tour of Oman, takes overall lead. 
Optum aims to race aggressively and make an impression during its European swing, which starts at Volta ao Algarve. 
Technical FAQ: Is it possible to build a single-ring road bike with a mix of SRAM CX1 and MTB parts? 
Contador downplays form ahead of Ruta del Sol, saying a win at his season opener would be "complicated." 
Andy Schleck teams up with Trek Travel at the Etape du Tour and Mallorca Ride Camp for "Schleck Travel" tours. 
@dfan44 Looks like it's on iTunes to purchase?
Santa Cruz gets back into the 'cross bike game, revitalizing the Stigmata with carbon, discs, and more. 
Warren Barguil heads to Oman to gear up for his Tour de France debut this season.

@Beanpolematt Can you at least give us a hint? Which story are you looking at?
Gallery: Tour of Oman, stage 1. Guardini sprints into the leader's jersey on day one.

Are mountain bike hardtails still relevant? Santa Cruz thinks so. It just introduced a carbon Highball 29er and 27.5 
Gallery: @LoganVB gets a close look at the new and improved Santa Cruz Stigmata CC 'cross bike. 
Ever wondered why desert races like Tour of Oman have become so popular lately? 
Technical FAQ: Will reprograming a Di2 rear derailleur affect front shifting? @lennardzinn has answers. 
Rafaa Chtioui (Skydive Dubai) wins again at Amissa Bongo. He now leads GC by 2:24 over Giovanni Bernaudeau (Europcar).
Ruta del Sol may provide a taste of the Tour as Contador and Froome will face each other for first time in 2015. 
U.S. team Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies heads to Volta ao Algarve to cross swords with WorldTour competition. 
UCI reschedules 2016 track cycling world championships. London event now slated for March 2-6 due to schedule conflict with rugby tournament
American Carter Jones on making WorldTour debut in Oman: “This is the biggest race of my life.” 
@jarkko_leinonen Fixed, thanks!
Contador, Froome ready to clash at Ruta del Sol. 
Andrea Guardini wins Tour of Oman opener in mass sprint. 
Reporter’s notebook: Why race in the desert? @CaleyFretz checks in from the Middle East. 
Gallery: Cactuses, costumes, and a day's worth of MTB racing at 24 Hours of Old Pueblo. 
First Ride: Santa Cruz Highball CC carbon 29er hardtail features updated geometry and more. 
Tech reporter @LoganVB likes what he sees in the revamped Santa Cruz Stigmata cyclocross bike. 
Gallery: Santa Cruz's new Stigmata CC cyclocross bike. 
Gallery: Mountain bike race season is underway in Arizona at 24 Hours of Old Pueblo. 
After Tour of Dubai suited to sprinters, Nibali continues early-season build-up at more climber-friendly Tour of Oman

Will 2016 be Alberto Contador's final season?

Former road world champion and Tour of Flanders winner Claude Criquielion suffers stroke

@michaelpreis Thanks, we have already done so.
A Texas court has ordered Lance Armstrong to pay $10 million to SCA Promotions 
Scott issues voluntary recall of select Vanish EVO helmets over safety concerns. 
Video: @colcollective rides the Hautacam, a 13km ascent in the Pyrénées with breathtaking views. 
Roman Kreuziger’s season starts under cloud of ongoing doping case. 
Racing for WorldTour points creates chaos where there should be order, writes @EuroHoody. 
Alberto Contador hints at retirement after next season. 
Mark Cavendish tops the podium again, this time at Clásica de Almería. 
Dominique Rollin is back on the job, this time with Cofidis, as a helper for Nacer Bouhanni. 
Gallery: Surfing the sand at the Superprestige finale. 
Rein Taaramäe goes it alone to win the Vuelta Ciclista a Murcia. 
Mathieu van der Poel and Kevin Pauwels battle to the finish in the Superprestige series. 
Alberto Contador reconfirms his plans to do the Giro-Tour double this season. 
Cancellara on the hour record: “The rules changed, and I lost the motivation, let’s be honest.” 
Gallery: The end of the road at Tour of Qatar. Terpstra sews up win to make it two in a row. 
Fabian Cancellara says he's lost motivation for the hour record. 
Wildcard teams selected for Ronde Van Vlaanderen. 
Recall notice: SRAM announces that 12,000 Zipp 88 hubs are defective. 
“I’d love to win Roubaix ... love to moonwalk as well, but sometimes you have to accept you can’t do certain things"

After crash at Colombian nationals, Quintana withdraws from Ruta del Sol. He hopes to return to racing at Tirreno. 
POV cameras will offer live-streamed video of in-race action at UCI world track championships next week. 
Students at the Mannheim Business School in Germany are conducting a study of the U.S. bicycle market. Survey:

Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 6. GC win number two for Terpstra in Doha as tour wraps up. 
Tour of Flanders names eight wildcard teams, including MTN-Qhubeka, Cofidis, Europcar, and Bora-Argon 18. 
SRAM recalls 12,000 Zipp 88 hubs specced on bikes from Giant, Specialized, Felt, Orbea, and Cannondale. 
Bigla's Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio wins the road race at the African Continental Championships, a title she's held since 2011.
Niki Terpstra successfully defends Tour of Qatar title. 
Bradley Wiggins compares difficulty of Paris-Roubaix to learning how to moonwalk, reports @gregorbrown. 
Nairo Quintana will miss Ruta del Sol after crash, will return for Tirreno-Adriatico. 
Video: Do the pros like Dubai? @gcntweet gets opinions from the Dubai Tour peloton. 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 5. Terpstra hangs tough despite dangerous split late in the race. 
Philadelphia mayor announces new partnership with G4 Productions and renames June event as Philadelphia International Cycling Classic.
Back-and-forth between MPCC and Lampre-Merida team suggests that Ulissi issue may not be resolved yet. 
Video: What's it like to race in Dubai? @gcntweet asks the pros. Bonus points for spotting @CaleyFretz 
After UCI reshuffles late-season race schedule, women's race on final day of Vuelta gets the green light. 
Ask a Mechanic: How to adjust Di2 front derailleurs. 
Cancellara aims for record fourth  Ronde van Vlaanderen title this spring. 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 5. Another win for Kristoff, who inches closer to overall lead.

Oskar Blues brewery teams up with World Cup downhiller Neko Mulally. He'll wear this custom stars-and-stripes helmet. 
Confusion over Ulissi's return to racing as MPCC and Lampre-Merida trade barbs via press statements. 
Too old to race? Lampre-Merida manager confirms that age was a primary factor in decision not to sign Horner for 2015 
ICYMI: Two suspects caught after stealing two bikes valued at $44,000 from Specialized HQ in California. 
MTN-Qhubeka announces that Theo Bos didn't suffer any broken bones in race-ending crash at Tour of Qatar.
USA Cycling announces 20th edition of the American Mountain Bike Challenge, a nine-race series running March-November 
After crashing again today at Tour of Qatar, MTN-Qhubeka's Theo Bos retires from the race. He was taken to hospital, no word on injuries.
Kristoff takes win No. 3 at Tour of Qatar. 
Fabian Cancellara clarifies classics plans, says he’ll decide his future after. 
Ask a Mechanic: Adjusting Shimano 6870 and 9070 front derailleurs. 
Lampre: Chris Horner’s age (43) was “deciding factor” in not re-signing him. 
Professional cycling is a dangerous way to make a living, but @ChadHaga wouldn't have it any other way. 
Boulder, Colorado's retired professionals, award-winning restaurants team up to form Cognoscenti bike tour company. 
Don't let knee pain keep you off the bike this spring. Five tips for injury prevention. 
Noosa CX Connect: Four training tips from 'cross pros Meredith Miller and Allen Krughoff. 
Matthew Busche's early season racing put on hold after scaphoid fracture suffered at Mallorca Challenge. 
Tygart stands by his work in Armstrong investigation amid criticism from McQuaid. 
Ulissi doping ban explained. @EuroHoody talks to Lampre GM to understand why he was raced after positive test at Giro

Gallery: Tour of Qatar, stage 4. Kristoff wins again, despite the winds. 
Eight community grants, worth a total of $50,000, awarded to community projects by @peopleforbikes to support bike infrastructure, advocacy
Chad Haga Journal: Looking back on Tour Down Under, @ChadHaga considers danger, but for him, some risks are worth it. 
Belgian cyclocrosser and former junior world champion Bart Aernouts is retiring at age 32 after 11 seasons as a pro. 
Can Team Sky's system be adapted to tame the chaotic classics? Thomas sees opportunities this spring. 
In the News: Two bikes worth $44,000 recovered, suspects arrested after Specialized HQ was burglarized. 
Scaphoid fracture sidelines Matthew Busche for at least four weeks after second race of the season in Mallorca. 
Tour de France sprint king Kittel isn't firing on all cylinders in Qatar, but he's not concerned. 
MTN-Qhubeka collaborates with EyeGym, a visual performance training system, to improve decision-making with computer and field exercises.
Kristoff grabs another Tour of Qatar stage win, Terpstra stays in front. 
USADA CEO Travis Tygart dismisses Armstrong “witch hunt” claim. 
Geraint Thomas will play a vital role in Sky’s classics plans this season, writes @CaleyFretz. 
Be kind to your knees this spring: Five tips to avoid injury. 
Caja Rural's Amets Txurruka recovering from broken clavicle suffered at l'Étoile de Bessèges. Team says surgery will not be needed.
Tech FAQ: Can 11-speed cassettes and wheels be mixed and matched? Answers from @lennardzinn 
Five tips to prevent knee pain as you ramp up training volume this spring. 
Fun fact from @SeaOtterClassic: @A_Craig has started 37 races in the event's 25-year history, going back to 1999, when he was a junior.
The March issue of Velo magazine is the 2015 WorldTour preview issue. 
Pro Bike Gallery: A 49cm Specialized Venge for Astana's pint-sized sprinter, Andrea Guardini.

@ammattipyoraily Right, but Ulissi was already "hired" on a two-year contract through end of 2015.
Lampre-Merida confirms that Diego Ulissi will return to racing in April after reduced nine-month doping ban. 
@upwardprogress @SRMtraining If riders could see power data, it would be a big advantage. This rule applies accross track disciplines
@upwardprogress @SRMtraining More likely jerry-rigged than proprietary. Riders aren't allowed to see power data during hour record rides.
Mavic seeks regional marketing manager based in Ogden, Utah. 
Pro Bike Gallery: The black BMC Trackmachine TR01 that carried Rohan Dennis to the hour record 
Curse of the rainbow jersey? Hardly. Wiggins says, "April is a long way away." 
Video: Do you trust conventional wisdom about base miles? @gcntweet considers alternate methods to get fast. 
After 2014 Tour podium, Péraud struggles to find form after a busy off-season. 
Gallery: Tour of Qatar's short stage 3 time trial shakes up GC standings as Terpstra dominates

Tech FAQ: Do shock pump gauges actually work? @lennardzinn explains the "observer effect" and much more. 
Bradley Wiggins bristles at the notion of a "rainbow curse" after third-place finish in Qatar TT.

Péraud tempers expectations for spring races. Off-season media attention, surgeries have led to sub-par form.

UCI confirms that CIRC report is on track to go public in a matter of weeks, early March at the latest. 
Video: Are base miles worth the time and effort (and suffering) in the winter months? @gcntweet
investigates. 
Team Movistar's young Spanish stars are ready to step into cycling's spotlight.

Terpstra on top at Tour of Qatar after stage 3 TT win over Cancellara, Wiggins. 
Movistar betting on young talent to fill the void in the Spanish peloton when Contador, Valverde, and others retire.

Tinkoff-Saxo sharpening Sagan and his support team for monuments, writes @gregorbrown 
Gallery: Wind lashes the Tour of Qatar on stage 2. Only 15 make the final selection.

@jackvinson We occasionally post select magazine articles online, like Dan's op-ed, but for the most part, they are only for print.
Photo Essay: Last call in Lille. Bpost Bank Trofee series wraps up with fast racing action.

After TT specialists lose time in Qatar's stage 2, Sagan poised for a shot at GC lead. Bodnar also a rider to watch.

Tinkoff-Saxo is investing all of its expertise and resources into Sagan, hoping for a big return this spring. 
No nostalgia for Wiggins as he winds down his road career, sets sights on Roubaix and the track. 
Tinkov on Russian economy and team: "What you see in the news is propaganda, don’t forget. ... We are still OK.”

Gallery: Tour of Qatar rocked by a sandstorm on stage 2, but Kristoff prevails. 
Stan's No Tubes-Niner to sponsor two XC MTB riders in 2015, Chloe Woodruff, 27, and Kaylee Blevins, 19. 
Wiggins says he'll need eight weeks of prep before taking a tilt at the hour record. 
Airgas-Safeway team presentation scheduled for Thursday night in San Francisco at the Palace of Fine Arts. 
Video: Walk the Dubai Tour pits with @gcntweet and @CaleyFretz to see what new gear teams are running for 2015. 
Photo Essay: The bpost Bank Trofee series comes to a close in Lille. @dbseaton was there. 
Alexander Kristoff wins stage 2 at the Tour of Qatar. 
Oleg Tinkov on Russia’s struggling economy: “Don’t believe the propaganda. ”
Need a news fix? Sign up for The Prologue, VeloNews' weekly email newsletter. 
Bradley Wiggins wants plenty of preparation before tackling the hour record. 
Jose Joaquin Rojas will wear the first leader's jersey in the 2015 Tour of Qatar after winning the opening stage. 
Mathieu van der Poel makes it look easy in Hoogstraten, winning the Superprestige finale. 
Rohan Dennis is "tired but proud" after setting a new hour record. 
Matthias Brändle says the hour record brought him respect in the peloton and fame worldwide. 
Rohan Dennis' hour record attempt is now underway. Watch live on VeloNews. 
Live in 15 minutes: Rohan Dennis' hour record attempt. 
Tune in tomorrow morning at 8:00 a.m. EST to watch Rohan Dennis' hour record attempt, live from Switzerland. 

Picture perfect: A final gallery from the Dubai Tour. 
If Bradley Wiggins can do a good time trial he'll fight for the overall at the Tour of Qatar. 
Video: Long or short? @gcntweet goes to the pros to get answers to the age-old question. 
Shelley Olds is motivated for the 2015 season with team Bigla pushing her to new levels. 
Look for windy country roads, cobbled city streets as the road worlds come to Qatar in 2016. 
Mathieu van der Poel, Sanne Cant win Bpost finale; Wout Van Aert, Ellen Van Loy claim overall. 
Mark Cavendish was delighted to take the final win and overall victory in the Dubai Tour. 
Caleb Ewan wins again at Jayco Herald Sun Tour. Tyler Farrar is second in stage 3 sprint.
Friday fun: @gcntweet polls the pro peloton in Dubai to answer a controversial question: Long socks or short socks? 
Set your alarm clocks for 8:00 a.m. EST on Sunday to watch Rohan Dennis attempt to break the hour record. 
Gallery: Degenkolb collects first win of 2015 at Dubai Tour.

Gallery: @LoganVB takes you inside Specialized HQ. Vintage goodies, pro bikes, and more. 
Boels-Dolmans squad deserves credit for Ladies Tour of Qatar win, Lizzie Armitstead tells @gregorbrown. 
Will Rohan Dennis be next to break the hour record on Sunday? Thomas Dekker also cues up for a run at the hour. 
Gallery: Specialized headquarters tour. Everything from Cipollini's bike to prototype concepts 
Commentary: A letter to the UCI president. @dwuori implores Cookson to "Be the leader we need and take a stand."

Europcar's Bryan Coquard wins stage 3 of l'Etoile de Bessèges. Edward Theuns (Topsport Vlaanderen-Baloise) leads overall by three seconds.
In wake of l'Etoile de Bessèges controversy. North American Riders Association wants protocol for dangerous weather.

Gallery: Degenkolb is Dubai Tour's new leader after gritty effort to win atop Hatta Dam climb. 
More windy weather in the final stage of Ladies Tour of Qatar. Armitstead doubles up and claims overall title. 
Armitstead becomes first Briton to win Ladies Tour of Qatar but credits her Dutch team for delivering her to victory. 
Orica-GreenEdge's Caleb Ewan, 20, wins stage 2 of the Jayco Herald Sun Tour in Nagambie, Australia. 
John Degenkolb jumps into Dubai Tour lead after stage 3. 
New North American rider’s union calls for extreme weather protocol, reports @CaleyFretz. 
Rohan Dennis, Thomas Dekker next up in hour record race. 
Too cold to race? The peloton protests at l'Etoile de Bessèges but organizers do not relent. 
Lizzie Armitstead's plan for world domination includes Flanders and Richmond, as she hones her form in Qatar.

Reviewed: Lazer's Z1 helmet combines ample cooling vents with a snap-on shell to keep out the chill and beat the wind

Take on cold and flu season with @gcntweet's 10 tips to stay healthy and avoid illness. 
Can't figure out that clicking noise now that you've swapped wheels? Ask a Mechanic explains how to fix it. 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies women's team down but not out after two riders drop out due to crash, illness in Qatar 
Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 2. Viviani delivers a win for Sky in the desert. 
Rick Zabel paves his own road as a pro — a career he hopes will have more cobblestones and bergs than his father's. 
Amgen Tour of California owners AEG seek a part-time event coordinator, based in Los Angeles 
Will Tinkoff-Saxo's investment in Peter Sagan pay dividends this spring with a monument win? 
Roy Jans (Wanty-Groupe 
Gobert) wins stage 2 of Etoile de Bessèges in a bunch sprint. Lotto-Soudal's Kris Boeckmans keeps overall lead.
Video: @gcntweet has 10 tips to help you avoid illness as you ride during the winter months. 
Bigla's Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio wins South African national TT champs. Cherise Stander and Heidi Dalton are second and third, respectively
Cameron Myer (Orica-GreenEdge) now leads Jayco Herald Sun Tour after winning stage 1 in Bendigo, Australia.
Ask a Mechanic: How to fix rear shifting issues after a wheel change. 
Boels-Dolmans teammates trade the lead in Qatar, as Armitstead sprints into golden jersey with stage 3 win. 
Rick Zabel thinks of himself as a classics man, unlike his sprint king father. 
Nice race recap! RT @bike_tube: @velonews The WC cyclocross in Tabor... 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies is down two riders after a “brutal” start to the Ladies Tour of Qatar. 
Elia Viviani wins second stage of the Dubai Tour, Mark Cavendish keeps GC lead. 
Daryl Impey wins his fourth South African national time trial championship, 51 seconds ahead of second place, Reinhardt Janse van Rensburg.
Peter Sagan poised to start 2015 season under monumental pressure. 
Dispute over unpaid prize money cancels 2015 Tour of the Mediterranean, originally scheduled for next week. 
“There is nothing wrong with my bike.” Wout Van Aert defends choice to run single-chainring setup at worlds.  
Bakelants is back. Riding for Ag2r, Belgian jack-of-all-trades hopes for more opportunities to ride for the win.

Gallery: Dubai Tour, stage 1. Cavendish sprints his way to the win and into the GC lead.

Lance Armstrong's Strava run title from today: "Back mo betta. Still can't drive in the snow tho." 
2015 Tour of Mediterranean pulled from calendar one week before scheduled start due to unpaid prizes from last year. 
Tour of the Mediterranean cancelled for 2015 due to dispute with LNC (National Cycling League). Race may return in 2016.
@ewolffmann We say "fat bike."
Boels-Dolmans relishes the windy conditions in Qatar, ripping the field apart and catapulting Van Dijk into GC lead. 
Tour of California may be an opportunity for Sky's Ian Boswell to shine. 
Kris Boeckmans (Lotto-Soudal) wins stage 1 of Étoile de Bessèges, out-sprinting Theuns and Coledan after 154km from Bellegarde to Beaucaire
Ellen Van Dijk solos to win in final kilometer of Ladies Tour of Qatar, moves into overall lead with stage 2 victory. 
Young American Ian Boswell targets the Tour of California in May. 
Mark Cavendish wins opening stage at Dubai Tour. 
After dealing with two recent illnesses, Jan Bakelants hopes for a fresh start with Ag2r La Mondiale. 
American sprinter Shelley Olds aiming for GC success in Qatar, looking forward to Richmond worlds. 
@HBFitStudio @jarednieters @D3devo @hornerakg Sorry, not sure we're following you here. Where is this list posted?
The world according to Giorgia Bronzini: Qatar race favorites, season goals, worlds, and the state of women's cycling 
2015 Paris-Nice route appears to be more friendly to grand tour riders, with time trials, mountaintop finish. 
Technical FAQ: Wondering if you can mix-and-match parts? @lennardzinn has answers. 
Down but not out. Froome's 2014 setbacks fuel his fire for a new season. 
North American group joins CPA Pro Riders Union, plans to advocate for safer racing conditions, better benefits.

Photo Essay: The beginning of a new era at cyclocross worlds, as young riders own the day. 
Shelly Olds heads into 2015 season with new team, good form, and delivers top-five result at season-opener in Qatar. 
Alé-Cipollini's Cucinotta wins stage 1 of Ladies Tour of Qatar, her first major victory in six years. 
Paris-Nice's 2015 route marks a return to tradition with two TTs and a 10-kilometer mountaintop finish on stage 4. 
Giant-Alpecin's Lawson Craddock won't need surgery after Tour Down Under crash. He says sternum injury will require six weeks to heal.
In the News: Lance Armstrong cited after Aspen car crash. His girlfriend initially took blame to keep things quiet.

Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn addresses follow-up questions on mixing brands and cracked carbon seatposts. 
Chris Froome takes motivation out of 2014 setbacks as he targets another yellow jersey. 
Gallery: @BrakeThrough captures the action during the elite men’s and U-23 men’s races at the cyclocross worlds. 
Julian Kyer Journal: @juliankyer may be missing team camp with a fever of 102, but it'll all be okay in the long run 
Photo Essay: Ferrand-Prevot breaks Marianne Vos' six-year win streak at cyclocross worlds 

Ladies Tour of Qatar plays a role in the Middle Eastern country's bid to host the 2024 Olympics. 
CrossVegas steps into international limelight as America's first-ever 'cross World Cup for the 2015-2016 season.

ICYMI: Preventing dropped chains: No ’cross drivetrain is foolproof.

Photo Essay: Action and drama from day one of 'cross worlds in Tabor by @BrakeThrough 
Ag2r La Mondiale presents 2015 team, hoping to build on Péraud and Bardet's Tour de France results. 
Welcome to the future of cyclocross. Fresh faces atop the elite men's worlds podium in Tabor. 
Julian Kyer Journal: Struggling with mid-winter training? Maybe you caught a cold or the flu? You're not alone. 
@vamosalberto Fixing that now, thanks.
If you can build an entire city in a desert, why not a World Cup ’cross race? CrossVegas' eight-year climb to the top

Michael Rogers on 2015: “The goal is to help Alberto.” 
Women take the lead at Middle East races, writes @gregorbrown. 
Team SmartStop will host its team launch event and party on February 13 at Pedaler's Fork in Calabasas, California.
Cadel Evans bids farewell to the peloton at the inaugural race that bears his name. 
Cyclocross’ youth takeover is confirmed in Tabor, writes @dbseaton. 
Gallery: The elite men's race at cyclocross worlds. 
Results from the under-23 and elite men's races at cyclocross worlds. 
Upstart Mathieu Van der Poel shows the old fellas how it's done at cyclocross worlds. 
Mathieu Van der Poel rules the elite men's cyclocross championships as Wout Van Aert foils a Dutch 1-2 by out-kicking Lars Van der Haar.
Michael Vanthourenhout attacks on the third lap to win the under-23 title at 'cross worlds. 
Fourth is as good as gold for smilin' Gage Hecht at cyclocross worlds. 
Jack Bobridge says his hour record attempt was the hardest thing he's ever done. 
Alejandro Valverde gets a win, teammate Rory Sutherland crashes out at  Mallorca Challenge. 
At cyclocross worlds, a student outshines her teacher ... for now. 
Photos from the women's battle at the world cyclocross championships. 
Results from the UCI Cyclocross World Championships: 
Simon Andreassen (Denmark) won world junior CX title in Tabor; American Gage Hecht is 4th after late-race mechanical 
There can be only one: Pauline Ferrand-Prevot out-fights Sanne Cant for the world cyclocross title. 
Pauline Ferrand-Prévot (F) has added a world CX title to her world road title. Our 2014 Cyclist of the Year story: 
Former world champion Sven Nys: “I’m mentally not ready to retire, I want to win races again.” 
Week in Tech: Cycloross gear galore in Tabor, plus new Shimano power meter spotted. 
Belgium's Tom Meeusen hopping barriers during practice at 'cross worlds today in Tabor. Looking stylish as usual.

Last year's number-one ranked team in the world, Movistar, adds a sprinter to its arsenal with Juanjo Lobato. 
World …
UCI's 2015-2016 cyclocross World Cup set to start in Las Vegas, then Montreal. 
UCI announces that a Women’s Youth category (17-22 years old) will be added to the 2016 UCI Cyclocross
World Championships program
UCI announces closure of its Global Cycling Promotion (GCP) following a full review, and following the 2015 Tour of Beijing
UCI announces that first two rounds of the 2015-16 Cyclocross World Cup calendar will be held in North America (Las Vegas, then Montreal)
@brentprenzlow @_mattio You are correct about the tires ... Fixed now. Trying to confirm the chainring size. Thanks.
Video: Giro? Vuelta? Tour? @gcntweet asks Alberto Contador about his favorite race and more. 
Pro Bike Gallery: Sven Nys is aboard a special Trek Boone for 'cross worlds in Tabor.

First race, first win of 2015 for MTN-Qhubeka's Stephen Cummings. Briton out-sprints Valverde in Mallorca. 
Tom Meeusen focused on top step of podium in Tabor and beyond, hoping his troubles are in the past. 
Video: Each 'cross season, promising young Americans go to Belgium to race the best. Here's a taste of the action. 
Cyclocross legend Sven Nys is not slowing down, even at age 38. 
Italian Enrico Franzoi faces racing ban related to Ferrari links. 
Movistar’s Juanjo Lobato provides an extra punch in the sprints — and the WorldTour team competition. 
Wrench envy: Photos of the ultimate bike mechanic set-ups from the pits at 'cross nationals. 
Paris-Roubaix 2015: More cobbles than last year, three sectors shared with the Tour's stage 4. 
Universal Sports aims to boost televised cycling, but for now, 48 percent of American TV subscribers can't watch it. 
Video: 10 Riders to watch at 'cross worlds. Did @gcntweet get it right? Anyone missing from that list? 
Gallery: Need some ideas to improve your tool kit? See what the pros used at 'cross nationals. 
Nash a local favorite for CX worlds: “I’ve been thinking about it for a while. I grew up only an hour away from here” 
Young guns set to shake up cyclocross world championships as the old guard fights to stay on the podium. 
@Bergojanski Updated to clarify that, thanks.
@PolderSpeed Updated to clarify that, thanks.
@AnneLoesKokhuis @irisslappendel @AvVleuten Updated to clarify that, thanks.
Bigla team unveils new look and 2015 roster, including American Shelley Olds and Dutch TT champ Annemiek van Vleuten 
Race preview: Expect to see lots of Belgian colors at the front of the U-23 and junior 'cross worlds races in Tabor. 
The Cervelo S5 will be MTN-Qhubeka's weapon of choice for sprinters like Tyler Farrar this season. 
Will this be the year to dethrone 'cross world champ Marianne Vos? Saturday's race in Tabor offers golden opportunity 
IAM Cycling's Matteo Pelucchi claims first European win of the season in Mallorca, besting Vivani, Greipel. 
Paris-Roubaix brings a taste of the Tour de France. Three pavé sectors will feature in both races this season.

Tour de France champion Nibali set to test the legs at his first race of the season in Dubai next week. 
.@dbseaton' take on the cyclocross world championships: Unpredictable. 
Ask a Mechanic: How to overhaul Shimano 6800 and 9000 hubs. 
Katerina Nash will enjoy a home-field advantage at this weekend’s cyclocross worlds. 
Video: Sagan's new Specialized S-Works Venge. Do you dig the yellow/black color scheme? 
USA Cycling announces roster for track world championships, including VeloNews contributor @smallsunday 
UCI to host inaugural Women's Teams Seminar in March, the day after Strade Bianche, in Italy. 
Weather the winter with these eight training tips. 

Ride on Chicago confirmed for June 2015. @timjohnsoncx will lead a group of cyclists from Minneapolis to Chicago to benefit @peopleforbikes
Video: New team, new bike for Peter Sagan. @gcntweet checks out his Specialized S-Works Venge. 
Could the ASO take control of pro cycling from the UCI? The Outer Line considers the future of cycling's governance.

Training tips: Eight ways to get in quality riding during the winter. 
The next big thing? 20-year-old sprint phenom Fernando Gaviria said to be in talks with Ag2r, Etixx-Quick-Step. 
What can be done to improve cycling's governance? @TheOuterLine says the UCI is overextended, often ineffective. 
Valverde set to kick off 2015 race season at Challenge Ciclista Mallorca. Cancellara, Greipel will also race. 
NBC Sports has released its 2015 cycling TV schedule 
Top teams lining up to sign Colombian Fernando Gaviria after he beat Mark Cavendish — twice — at Tour de San Luis. 
ICYMI: Photos of the $17,500 steel Eddy Merckx bike built for the champ's 70th birthday. 
VeloNews is seeking an Editor in Chief, based in Boulder, Colorado 
Gallery: Eddy Merckx celebrates his 70th birthday this year with a $17,500 commemorative bike. 
Carmen Small's first-ever track race? A World Cup. But that doesn't stop her and U.S. pursuit team from taking bronze 
Technical FAQ: @lennardzinn explains how to avoid cracking your carbon fiber seatpost. 
After three-day stint in Australian hospital following crash in Tour Down Under, American Lawson Craddock headed home 
Ahead of 'cross worlds this weekend, @dbseaton interviews pre-race favorite Kevin Pauwels, the quiet cyclocrosser. 
Gallery: The $17,500 limited-edition steel bike built to celebrate Eddy Merckx's 70th birthday 
Armstrong says CIRC testimony should be mandatory: “If you don’t come in to talk, you don’t just get passed.”

German electronic group Kraftwerk to hold 3-D concert in Utrecht, Netherlands during the Tour's Grand Départ this summer.
Carmen Small Journal: @smallsunday recounts the stress, excitement, and relief of her first race on the velodrome. 
@joewill_ Fixed, thanks.
Tour of Qatar set to host many big names this February, from classics hard-men to sprint specialists. 
Richmond 2015 road world championships organizers set to host vendor symposium on February 10 in Richmond, Virginia. 
Roman Kreuziger's nine-year pro career has been a roller coaster of highs and lows. 
Sponsor update: Katusha announces partnership with Caviar de Riofrio, Spanish producer of sturgeon caviar. 
Tech FAQ: @lennardzinn addresses questions about cracked carbon seatposts and more. 
Who is World Cup champ Kevin Pauwels? @dbseaton talks with one of Belgium's most inscrutable 'cross stars. 
Ladies Tour of Qatar lines up strong field for early-February race. Hosking, Pieters, Armitstead, Brennauer, and more

@awanderingsky @lancearmstrong Read the story, and you'll find his answer to that very question!
Armstrong: "If you take me back to 1995, when doping was completely pervasive, I would probably do it again."

Video: Is your saddle height correct? Details on three methods you can use to set your position. 
ICYMI: Roman Kreuziger says a polygraph test proves he is innocent of doping allegations. 
UCI pulls back on plans to reform rankings system. Critics say changes were too last-minute. 
Amid rumors of a switch to a February date, Aussies say they want UCI to keep the Tour Down Under in January. 
UCI and Universal Sports Network extend their partnership. CX worlds to air live this weekend. USN will also broadcast 2015 road worlds.
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 7. Cavendish wins bunch gallop in final day of Argentine race

Photo Essay: 'Cross World Cup wraps up in Hoogerheide. Cant and Pauwels win overall titles. 
Rohan Dennis' Tour Down Under win was a big one, but his breakthrough GC victory came at the 2013 Tour of Alberta. 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 6. Tons of climbing on the road to Filo Sierras Comechingones 
Video: @gcntweet explains three fundamental methods to set your saddle height. 
After catching heat, the UCI pulls the plug on new points and rankings system. @gregorbrown reports. 
Photo Essay: @dbseaton captured the cyclocross World Cup finale in Hoogerheide. 
Aussies to UCI: Keep the Tour Down Under in January. 
@danieldunnphoto TDW Sport is an agency, utilizing several shooters.
Daniel Diaz wins Tour de San Luis, as Cavendish takes first victory of the season in final day of racing in Argentina 
Results from the final round of the UCI cyclocross World Cup. 
Results from the final stage of the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Gallery: The Santos Tour Down Under comes to a close in Adelaide. 
Kevin Pauwels, Sanne Cant claim UCI World Cup 'cross crowns. 
Rohan Dennis stays out of trouble in the final stage to win the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Kleber Da Silva wins stage 6 at the Tour de San Luis; teammate Dani Diaz holds the overall. 
Roman Kreuziger says a polygraph test proves he's truthful in denying doping charges, but the test is not foolproof. 
Results from stage 5 of the 2015 Santos Tour Down Under. 
Gallery: The battle for Willunga Hill and the overall lead at the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Richie Porte gave it his best on Willunga Hill but couldn't crack TDU leader Rohan Dennis. 
Team Sky's Richie Porte wins stage 5 of Tour Down Under on Willunga Hill.
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 5. Malori wins the individual TT, just like he did last year. 
Deja vu: Malori wins Tour de San Luis time trial ahead of Kwiatkowski and Houle. Diaz extends GC lead. 
Movistar time trial ace Adriano Malori wins Tour de San Luis ITT, equaling his result from the 2014 edition of the race.
Pro Bike Gallery: Mark Cavendish's limited-edition Specialized Venge. 
Tour Down Under crash video: How did Jeremy Roy thread the needle and get by that pile-up?

Caja Rural-Seguros RGA reveals 2015 kit. Spanish team will kick off season at Challenge Mallorca later this month. 
@_mattio Fixed now, sorry about that!
@healthyregards Women’s teams were not announced today
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 4. Sprint finish shaken up by big crash as Von Hoff wins. 
Amgen Tour of California invites 18 teams for 2015 race, does not include Chris Horner's Airgas-Safeway team. 
Tour of California announces 18 teams for 2015 race. Sagan and Kittel slated for sprint showdown. 
After slipping to fourth in UCI women's team rankings last year, Orica-AIS is gunning for number one spot in 2015. 
Video: @gcntweet gives you the rundown on all the action from stage 4 of Tour Down Under. 
Despite links to ongoing doping investigation, Meeusen cleared to race final 'cross World Cup, world championships. 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 4. Diaz turns the screws on Alto el Amago, extends GC lead

2008 Olympic road champion Samuel Sánchez has re-signed with the BMC Racing Team for the 2015 season
Results: Steele Von Hoff takes stage 4 at the Tour Down Under. 
Crazy POV video from crash at Tour Down Under's stage 4 finish. 

Maxime Bouet’s Tour Down Under podium hopes sit on Willunga Hill, Saturday’s finishing climb. 
Nairo Quintana aims to become Colombia’s first Tour winner, which could be easier for him since he lives at 9800 feet 
Rohan Dennis shows off his Tour de France potential Down Under. 
American Lawson Craddock out of Tour Down Under with fractured wrist, sternum, and rib 
Steele Von Hoff wins stage 4 at the Tour Down Under. 
Want to stay up to speed on the week's top cycling stories? Sign up for the VeloNews email newsletter. 
Aussie Steele von Hoff (Uni SA) wins stage 4 of Tour Down Under ahead of Daryl Impey (Orica). Rohan Dennis (BMC) retains GC lead. #TDU
According to post-race survey, U.S. 'cross nationals postponement cost racers more than $250,000 in total. 
Week in Tech: New aero helmets Down Under, Ohlins suspension prototypes spotted, and a chance to win a super commuter 
It's Daniel Diaz's day atop the Cerro el Amago. Tour de San Luis race leader wins stage 4, extends GC lead. 
Tour de San Luis race leader Daniel Diaz wins stage 4 atop fearsome Cerro el Amago climb.
UPDATED: Banned doctor Geert Leinders responds: “As a physician, I consider myself as innocent in this matter." 
Updated story, with statement from UCI about allegations against Mario Zorzoli 
Horner, Safeway-Airgas team to ride Marin Stelvio bikes with Knight Composites wheels, Dura-Ace drivetrain. 
A summary of the testimony against Rabobank doctor Geert Leinders, the 'linchpin' of the team's doping program: 
@ianloughead Sorry, U.S. residents only.
Want to win a custom Trek Emonda SLR Project One bike, like the one on our Buyer's Guide cover?
Reviewed: Looking for the right long-sleeve jersey to get you through the winter? 
Alex Dowsett forced to postpone February hour-record attempt after crash, broken collarbone. 
Transfusions, EPO, TUEs, Cortisol, Testosterone… Testimony sheds light on Leinders, Rabobank’s systematic doping 
UCI's medical chief, Mario Zorzoli, was complicit in Rabobank team's doping, according to Rasmussen testimony. 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 3. Rohan Dennis shows his class on climb to Paracombe. 
Video: Catch up on Tour Down Under's stage 3 action with a recap from @gcntweet. 
Critérium International announces 2015 team lineup, including UnitedHealthcare, Cult Energy, Bora-Argon 18, Auber 93, and Roompot
In the News: 21-year-old arrested for manslaughter, drunk-driving after hitting two cyclists, killing one in Florida. 
Ask a Mechanic: Which Shimano drivetrain parts offer the best bang for your buck? 
Full results from stage 3 at the Tour Down Under: 
Former Rabobank, Sky doctor Geert Leinders handed lifetime ban for doping offenses. 
Jack Bobridge, Rohan Dennis gear up for hour record at Tour Down Under. 
Rohan Dennis claims stage 3, leader’s jersey at Tour Down Under. 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 3. Gaviria sprints to his second stage win. 
ICYMI: Carl Decker goes to Austin, races bikes, eats lots of good barbecue, and comes home a day late. 
LeMond says Armstrong deserves a lifetime ban, regardless of any CIRC testimony. Armstrong replies… with an apology? 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 3. Another fast finish, another win for Fernando Gaviria. 
Carl Decker Journal: BBQ? Underground races? Oak trees? @deckerator's trip to 'cross nationals was full of surprises. 
Astana gives Luis León Sánchez, 31, another shot at the WorldTour after Spaniard spent 2014 racing Pro Continental 
Gaviria great again at #TourdeSanLuis, winning stage 3 ahead of Cavendish and Modolo. 
What's inside the magazine: The Velo Buyer's Guide has 125 of 2015's best cycling products. 
Video: @gcntweet recaps stage 2 of the Tour Down Under, won by Movistar's Lobato in a fierce uphill sprint. 
MPCC rules may put Lampre-Merida in a bind when Diego Ulissi returns to racing in March after doping ban. 
Despite racing Tour Down Under with a broken, bandaged wrist, Pozzovivo aims to impress on Willunga Hill. 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 2. A hilly route to Stirling sets up punchy sprint finale. 
Results: Juan Jose Lobato wins stage 2 at the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Luis Leon Sanchez thankful for second chance with Astana to race at the top level. 
Gallery: Scenes from the second stage at the Tour de San Luis in Argentina. 
BMC Racing neo-pro Campbell Flakemore breaks collarbone during post-stage 2 ride at Tour Down Under. 
Juan Jose Lobato sprints to stage 2 win at Tour Down Under. 
Juan-José Lobato (Movistar) wins stage 2 of Tour Down Under ahead of Daryl Impey (Orica-GreenEdge) #TDU 
@cyclej3ff Yes, you can buy it on Zinio here 
The February issue of Velo magazine is the first-ever Crossroads Issue. 
Argentine Daniel Diaz scores a win for the host country in Tour de San Luis' stage 2 and climbs into the GC lead. 
Daniel Diaz wins stage 2 of #TourdeSanLuis, attacking on the climb to Mirador de Potrero to cross the line alone.
Cancellara is king of the cobbles ... For now. The three-time Roubaix winner considers the next generation. 
Scandolara wins Santos Women's Tour, wrapping up a dominant performance by Orica-AIS in the four-day event. 
Leadville 100 champ Rebecca Rusch will ride for Niner Bikes in 2015, leaving longtime sponsor Specialized. 
Video race report: @gcntweet recaps the first day of action in Australia at the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Technical FAQ: @lennardzinn keeps delving into how discs are affected by cold with more insight from manufacturers. 
Gallery: Tour Down Under, stage 1. Bobridge wins big with breakaway gamble. 
"Considering the teams that they put in, it looks like a political decision,” Colombia's Corti says of Giro snub. 
Cannondale-Garmin's Nathan Haas aims higher at Tour Down Under, hoping to improve on last year's fifth-place finish. 
Results: Tour Down Under, stage 1. Bobridge holds off the peloton to win the day and claim GC lead. 
Gallery: Tour de San Luis, stage 1. A young Colombian draws first blood in Argentina. 
Jack Bobridge's breakaway gambit succeeds. Australian sprints to victory in stage 1 of Tour Down Under. 
Cancellara's reign as one of the kings of the classics is reaching its zenith as up-and-comers vie for the crown 
Colavita-Bianchi women's team announces it will partner with the Farm to Fork Fondo in upstate New York this June. 
FSA electronic drivetrain rumors are confirmed: FSA will provide parts for Etixx and Tinkoff this season. 
Fernando Gaviria, 20, stuns Mark Cavendish with a gutsy sprint win in stage 1 of Tour de San Luis. 
SRAM's wireless, electronic road kit nears completion. Ag2r-La Mondiale expected to ride the drivetrain at TDU. 
Axeon cycling team (formerly Bissell Development Team) unveils new kit, inspired by the 1980s Renault jerseys. 

ICYMI: Giro wildcard teams selected. CCC Sprandi and Italian teams in, UnitedHealthcare and Colombia out. 
Chad Haga Journal: Building confidence ahead of Tour Down Under, which starts Tuesday. 
Raleigh-Clement team set to build under-23 cyclocross development program around Laurel Rathbun, 18, and Lance Haidet, 17.
Pro Bike Gallery: In a sea of carbon 'cross bikes, Hecht heads to worlds aboard a ti Moots. 
Video: Cavendish at San Luis press conference: "Are you 100% that one of these journalists isn't f—king your wife?" 
BMW-Happy Tooth Dental Group women's team announces 2015 roster, including @wca_tweet principal Robin Farina.  
Can Kittel be beat in Tour Down Under sprints? Rivals hope tactics can trump horsepower, reports @aaronshanelee. 
Tom Meeusen left off Belgian 'cross worlds team due to alleged connection with doping investigation. 
Updated: @gregorbrown has more on the Giro d’Italia wildcards announced today. 
Analysis: @EuroHoody takes a deeper look into Cadel Evans’ career as Australia’s greatest cyclist ever. 
Giro d’Italia announces five wildcard invites, a list that includes four Italian teams. 
Giro wildcards teams: Androni Giocattoli (ITA), Bardiani CSF (ITA), CCC Sprandi Polkowice (POL), Nippo-Vini Fantini (ITA), Southeast (ITA).
Diego Ulissi slapped with nine-month doping ban. 
Diego Ulissi banned nine months after testing positive for Salbutamol at the Giro d’Italia last year.
Orica-GreenEdge announces it has signed 19-yr-old Robert Power, 2nd overall at 2014 Tour de l’Avenir, for 2016 season 

#GBvsSEA #NFCChamps 

Chad Haga Journal: Playing the confidence game Down Under. (Also, the piano.) 
Watch it here!

Gallery: The 2015 road season kicks off with a bang at the People's Choice Classic. 
Marcel Kittel likes to win, and he got right after it at the People's Choice Classic. 
Richie Porte looks like the man to beat going into the WorldTour kickoff, the Tour Down Under. 
Subscribe to Velo, or sign up for our email newsletter, and win a @TrekBikes Project One Emonda valued up to $10,000 
@davidalfe57 Sign up to win it! 
Paolo Bettini rues "a wasted year" spent chasing Fernando Alonso's dream of launching a top cycling team. 
A svelte Richie Porte looks to step up in 2015, starting with the Santos Tour Down Under. 
Correction: The Fly 6 tail light/camera featured in our 2015 Buyer’s Guide has been updated. No longer available for $160; new price is $250
Austin Heritage Tree Foundation weighs in on 'cross nationals controversy, contradicts USA Cycling. 
Gallery: Team Astana heads to Calpe, Spain for early season miles. 
Fernandes wins Tour Femenino de San Luis overall as Tetrick claims final stage in San Luis, Argentina. 
Bauke Mollema hopes to realize his potential as a GC leader with new team, Trek Factory Racing. 
Friday fun: How to climb like Alberto Contador ... And get dropped by Alberto Contador with @gcntweet 
Commentary: @wca_tweet asks, "Why doesn't UCI have the 'can do' attitude and passion for women’s cycling?" 
Nippo-Vini Fantini waits with baited breath as Giro will announce wildcard invites on Monday.  
Video: How to climb like Contador. @gcntweet finds out just how fast the Vuelta champ can be

The hottest spot north of Havana? Rio Olympic road race course updated to start and finish at Fort Copacabana. 
VeloNews seeks a technical editor based in Boulder, Colorado 
RCS Sport unveils women’s Strade Bianche race, scheduled for March 7 — the same day as the men’s race. 
Cadel Evans’ swan song part of Tour Down Under battle. 
Orica-GreenEdge turns to Daryl Impey to lead Tour Down Under squad. 
Letter from the editor: A view of things to come 
UCI announces 2016 Olympic road race has been altered to start, finish at Copacabana Beach. Also on course: Ipanema, Barra, Reserva beaches.
UPDATE: Episcopal bishop charged with manslaughter in killing of Thomas Palermo posts $2.5 million bail. 
Need a late afternoon snack (or happy hour)? @gcntweet lists the top 10 things to eat and drink for cyclists. 
Universal Sports Network will broadcast live coverage of Tour Down Under, January 19-24. 
Katie Hall wins stage 5 of Tour Femenino de San Luis. Jamildes  Fernandes bumps Lauren Stephens out of GC lead. 
Have all the bottom bracket standards got you flummoxed? Ask a Mechanic explains BB adaptors. 
Interview: @CaleyFretz talks to Carmen Small about her Olympic ambitions and much more ahead of 2015 season. 
"This year, with Optum p/b Kelly Benefits, I’m hoping to not suck at all," says @philgaimon in latest rider journal. 
Twenty16-Sho-Air brings on experienced riders for 2015 with Small, Dvorak, and Hall. UCI team roster announced. 
Giro d'Italia may stick with home teams for 2015 wildcard invites, but outsiders like UnitedHealthcare remain hopeful 
Tour of Alberta heads to the hills, expands to six stages, and includes TTT for 2015. 
Video: The world's most iconic climb? @colcollective rides Alpe d'Huez. 
First Ride: Niner updates Jet 9 Carbon with alloy rear triangle. Is the new, less-expensive version just as good? 
In the News: Bishop charged with manslaughter in Palermo killing, jailed in lieu of $2.5 million bail. 
In an email to 'cross nationals racers, USA Cycling addresses concerns and complaints in the wake of #cxnats2015 
Video: The top 10 things to eat and drink for cyclists, courtesy of @gcntweet 
@nicolacranmer Three now. Does the marquee slot get triple points?
Tour de France set to return to mountainous Andorra in 2016. 
Ask a Mechanic: Help and advice on using bottom bracket adapters. 
Phil Gaimon on muddy mountain bike rides and peaking at the right time: 
Q&amp;A: Carmen small talks about the state of women’s racing, chasing the hour record, and more. 
Want a sneak peak of 2015 Tour de France action? Best watch Tirreno-Adriatico, writes @gregorbrown 
UPDATED: USA Cycling's chief official responds to concerns of unequal treatment of junior women at 'cross nationals 
Video: @gcntweet has Five tips to go faster. What works best for you?

Team Sky hits reset button after disappointing 2014, aims to diversify its palmares. 
The terrifying story of being hit by a car, escaping uninjured, coming face-to-face with cycling's inherent danger

Aldag: "Cavendish could have beaten [Kittel] at his best. ... I do think we have a great chance for the Tour.” 
Tour de France announces invited teams for 2015 race, including MTN-Qhubeka, Cofidis, and Bora-Argon 18. 
Tony Martin sets sights on yellow, as the Tour's first stage offers up a time trial that's tailor-made for the German 
In the News: Were junior women racers given a fair chance to contest 'cross nationals after schedule change? 
Fornel found guilty in Richmond road rage incident, but will not face jail time for threatening cyclists with gun. 
Milton Keynes 'cross World Cup  will not return in 2015 due to scheduling conflict with Rugby World Cup. 
In the News: District Judge grants Armstrong and legal team access to witness interviews in ongoing case with DOJ. 
Video: Five tips to help you go faster, from @gcntweet 
Iraida Garcia Ocasio takes stage 3 at the Tour Femenino de San Luis. 
Mark Cavendish’s sport director says the British rider “doesn’t have to prove anything.” 
Notes From the Scrum: The thing you love can kill you, writes @matthewcbeaudin 
MTN-Qhubeka receives historic Tour de France invite. 
Movistar’s Alex Dowsett, who had planned on hour-record attempt on Feb. 27, breaks collarbone in training crash 
ASO announces five wildcard teams invited to 2015 Tour de France 
ICYMI: A nationals disaster. Commentary on the #cxnats2015 race postponement. 
Powers, Page, Driscoll, Compton, Anderson, Antonneau among those selected for U.S. squad at CX world championships 
Commentary: After a disastrous cyclocross nationals, a look at what caused the race postponement and who's to blame 
Technical FAQ: Don't let winter stop you from riding. @lennardzinn researches how disc brakes work in extreme cold. 
Pro Bike Gallery: Compton opted for disc brakes to win her 11th national championship. 
2011 Ronde van Vlaanderen winner Nick Nuyens, 34, retires after failing to find new team. His Garmin contract expired at the end of 2014.
Sent in from a reader: Amusing ad placement in today's commentary about #CXNats postponement 
@jlinkov You're correct, thanks for the heads-up. Fixed now.
@pureDolomites Mourey, for instance, will have a much better spot on the start grid, due to WC results. Lhotellerie would be at the back.
Newly-crowned French national cyclocross champion Clément Lhotellerie does not make selection for worlds. Team cites poor World Cup results.
The Giro d'Italia unveils its leader's jerseys for the 2015 race. 
What 2015 race, besides the Tour, will see a face-off between Quintana, Froome, Nibali, and Contador? 
Gallery: Familiar faces win stars-and-stripes in Austin at 'cross nationals. 
Gallery: Action from the junior and U23 men's races at U.S. 'cross nationals. 
For Nibali, the road to defending his yellow jersey at the Tour goes through the Dauphiné, not the Giro. 
Brailsford on Sky's "Project 2020:" “Sustaining success is very different than going for it the first time.” 
Commentary: A nationals disaster. @CaleyFretz examines the #cxnats2015 controversy and who is to blame. 
Vittoria North America, U.S. affiliate of the Italian tire/wheel manufacturer, has appointed Ken Avery in role of VP, Marketing and Product
UnitedHealthcare’s Hannah Barnes wins stage 2 at Tour Femenino de San Luis to maintain GC lead. 
Gallery: Scenes from the elite races at the U.S. cyclocross championships. 
Spotted: @LoganVB has some details on a Specialized Crux with thru-axles he came across in Austin. 
Austin is Powers' playground as the defending champ wins 'cross nationals in Texas.

@jawwalsh Correct. Fixed.
