fly like Yoshimitsu lol
Always be optimistic, it's better than pretending it won't work then suddenly being happy when it does.
@lilymutinda why squidward? Bad stuff always happens to him..
if u really love business u'll be happy spending 20 bob a day.
I don't think budgets are helpful...they only lead to more stress.
All that energy spent on vanity? u could have been helping others.
Only the best for my customers.
I'm a scientist, Chemistry is my favourite.
God must be a scientist...
Good scientists on the other hand can save the earth.
Negative-minded scientists, they never achieve ish.....evil geniuses.
Their theories are bullshit and cause harm, Satan uses those ones...while some like Einstein are God sent.
Ok i love science, but i really hate some scientists.
And info changes everyday, what is right today may be wrong another day....i don't fully trust science.
Only way  nerds can make it is if they do what the books say.
Anyone can pass exams, i got A's but it didn't pay the bills, only practical stuff did.
I'm not going to let a pack of nerds tell me how to live life, passing exams doesn't make u wise.
Trying to fight with God will only get u hurt, check out Jacob... or Pacquiao.
This is cool..
Fans didn't want a boxing match, they wanted the Roman Colosseum.
Lol Mayweather wasn't willing to risk getting knocked out to entertain fans.....he has his own mind.
Lol i jus went from being broke to totally independent in like a few hours...JESUS is real.
@_wangwe that's jus Satan trying to fuck witchu.
people who think fighting is brainless flinging of punches are losers,it's calculated mvmt man.
ey i won medals and trophies man, i know the art of running away from ur opponent.
@_wangwe lol the cautious one survives the war, u can even ask veterans.
@alawiabdul @mozdefinitely fighting is fighting bruh, he's even better.
If u've ever fought anyone u know that mayweather is the smarter guy..
@mozdefinitely @joydoreenbiira clearly y'all have never been in a serious fight.
U win a fight by being a 'bitch' , God teaches us that.
lol those are the basics of war, acting macho is a definate way to lose.
When in a fight always play safe and run away if u can..
If you've ever been in a fight u know that the calm dude always wins...
Hoes ain't shit, look at their souls man.
If u think of a woman as a soul and not jus a piece of meat, it becomes different, u won't jus fuck anyone.
If women want equality then they shouldn't think of themselves as more important.
A woman has a soul just like all of us so we should treat them equally, if they attack u retaliate.
Chipos taste better when u cook them urself.
I was looking for cash all over but it was right under my nose.
I thought i was passionate about money but it was really business.
fuck karma, i'm not limited to that shit, u can't be good to assholes.
i'm not going anywhere btw,anywhere except up..
Guys who laugh in ur face but in their hearts want to see u in jail.
I'm staying away from fake people.
The Holy Spirit yo, thas wassup. This is the year of the overcomer.
How come no one told me it was this easy to quit drugs.
Pray..
I think i may be onto something here.
U can ball and still save.
Cash is the King...
lol mr krabs laugh...
Rugby is fun, guys on the team walisema niko na mbio ka ferrari...
Some pastors condemn use of drugs but the Bible says what u eat or drink (or smoke) doesn't make u holy or unholy, only faith.
Kale sandwiches...an economic way to stuff urself.....13 for less than 1 USD...
if it feels right do it, it may seem weird but the Spirit knows everything.
If u were in the forest with no Bible, how would u know God?
eating ur toenails is fun..
I feel like building som'n.
What ignorant people call 'being cheap' is sound economics to me.
Man if i told u the truth u'd think i was creepy.
Am i the only one who wakes up at 2am to play video games.
Prefrontal cortex, i haven't really understood it, today i will.
Watchin Ooglies lol
Me being Christian doesn't mean i won't kick ur ass if u try me.
laugh off the storm like jesus
First rule of martial arts: avoid fighting and run away from fights.
Ey i smoke weed everyday, get stoned and still get straight A's.
Memory and common sense are the same thing.
man, smoke an L, pop a ginseng capsule,bout to go hard all night #animation#film
Angels aren't necessarily fat white shiny guys with wings.... in my experience they were darker than darkness but still awesome!
When u know u're gettin straight A's :-D:-D:-DB-)
@artsim hehe di holy spirit yo..
many people read but common sense is practical, u need it to make something out of what u read.
Saving money becomes easy when u seek a simple life and are happy with jus surviving.
Money grows on trees...
God is greater than i thought, it's like finding out Breath of Fire is real.
when u get high and suddenly feel like working..
good always wins
fear, hate and depression are illusions, they say 'smart' people experience these.
ju ya iyo story let me light one korobosta
@_wangwe man that's religion, the holy spirit gives us knowledge of hidden things...God put it here for our happiness
Ah my birthday, i feel good.
sometimes u can think till u get hungry..
preach peace and enforce it..
@tunetunexhe @kaytrixx hehe wasee
In the 50s while others were hating on the British, some forgave and became friends with them and thus acquired great wealth.
forgiveness is good for you..
Mama we all go to hell...
What may appear to be the devil may be the angel of death, even the darkness is holy...devil no power
omg animals can teach u alot..
We gon kick their Somali asses, they're skinny as F..
I'm not lettin fear run my life...#TEAMJESUS #SHABAABKUJENI!
Money is cool but i won't obsess over riches at the expense of what makes me happy.
I'm not gonna follow negative people, i don't want ur suffering.
Born on the 13th, i'm too lucky
Good things find us when we let go of ourselves and embrace a Greater Power..
Hope everyone is fine, life is exciting
it's like an advantage on top of an advantage
When u think too much u get depressed and can't remember things...when ur too chill u become dumb...if u do both at once it's like magic..
red is the color of not being lazy
If you get 200 bob,use only 20...
#push #drive
When u hang around awesome people their awesomeness rubs off on u.
A stormy night, when the miraculous happens
there is this zone one goes to when doing math and sometimes the numbers jus calculate themselves
A SPAS-12 is what i need..
I'm focused...
let's get crackin.!
cmon jus discover oil already so that we can build cities over there...
Hallelujah!
gettin my homework done
It feels cool right now....intense joy like church
I feel like a new creature...
omg what is happening to me...it's so effortless man!
I have a cool memory...i even remembered where the fullstop was on the pages...
Lovely glow man.
haloo haloo nataka kuongea na mariko lol
i'm making spicy tomato soup that is going to go really well with brown bread..
The most important thing is doing...
living in the moment.
u can't love God and money but that doesn't mean u can't have money..
furiously smoking marijuana at 4 am...
Man it's cold, these are the days where u need a fat joint...
man this ask and receive thing does work..
Business has been like an adventure to me, getting stoned,hanging out with the rich people,getting contracts..
me,myself and i
cannibals man...dis people
those herbs must have come from the kilimanjaro
when i see jah i see a way
Reasons i'm an animator:
-cool
-$$$!
-you can work from a sleeping position
lol that time i smoked marijuana then walked from rongai to ole-somewhere past kiserian and back.
u need jesus if u want to spend without the guilt
watching bassment on channel o and now i want to get high and work
the beans have been soaking overnight.... I have a good feeling about this one
why are people so mad at obama?
some things are a blessing to some and a curse to others
Jesus wants us to live ballin
i'm feelin sweet
bzzzzzzz
tonight i'm in my office
man i want a chocolate doughnut
i want a gun, these streets are getting hot.
Ok i'm back to being an Omnivore...
I wanna laugh hysterically....i need a catalyst..
this thing seemed impossible to do until i felt like doing it..
my fav food is githeri...
Commas on that boy's account man...
see the light!
i feel alive man..
i've gained some weight ever since i decided to go vegan
A rich African dude n his  son in a room then he says, 'hey, U want $750000?!'
this banana recipe ..i'll call it the chemicals of life!
i'm bout to cook *Walter White face* #chemistry
i nailed these blackcurrant dumplings...
or is it a paradox.. or oxymoron, whatever
eating a lunchbar at this hour would be ironic...
Some things are mysteries beyond my understanding...
I was in the shower when i recalled the definition of 'osmosis'
odd parents! Fairy odd parents!
i jus did a flambé.....praise Jesus!
@t_immo lol i see u're forever young
@t_immo yeah, his IQ is high..
I remember demo-ing a chemical process for this minister guy back in highskul...Thank God i didn't choke him with chlorine
@t_immo huyo msee ni mjanja sana
the guy is really smart, i bet he pays his own fees
a few weeks ago i bumped into one of my high skul friends at the supermarket..he was the security guard
you better pray boy
i jus wanna thank God for the guidance
rich dudes are really smart with their cash
the good life
this zach lavine character is amazing
dying for someone is like the denominator
Love is like a dimensionless quantity..
di 2-time champion about to hit the gym.
so we only watch nat geo now?!
I wonder why business was so hard in class, in real life it's a breeze..
woooooo!! I'm Rich!!!
i mean industrious
i'm so hardworking
am in the mood for something, i haven't yet pinpointed what it is..
ribashongilokashesheakili
it's easy...
this is achievement..
Rice almost done yeiy!
These meds are uplifting...
Chillin yo..
i think i'll play Call of Duty now
these pain meds are giving me a buzz
It's easy work..
I won't let a little problem get me down...if i can pull this off i'll be so paid.
We will make it, we don't give a f*k about obstacles.
This thing is going to be awesome!
where did Mr Hiyachi go to, that guy rich as a bitch
i bought sausages that turned out to be dogfood so i'll require some hydrates
Now i jus want cheese crackers
Lol nilienda KFC nikawashow nadai zile nguku freshi... then the waitress hit me with a british accent.
jus brown bread not any other kind of bread..i've eaten alot but i still want bread
I'm so hungry and i only want bread...
Not going to university doesn't mean u'll be successful, use every chance u get.
I won't buy a new phone, even if i get rich.
That whiskey had me going...
I've dislocated my fingers twice coz of stupid fights...so i'm like a shaolin monk these days when it comes to confrontations.
Breathing is great!! Take a moment to appreciate it..
Fuck it....he can go teach that ish to fools, i'm done with it.
How r u supposed to teach when one can clearly see that u jus looking for some p***y..
Sometimes i look at some lecturers and think, 'u don't know wtf ur talking 'bout'...lying a** prejudiced muh****a.
pulled up on 'em with a couple AK's, i got my money back
Noodles bro..
1/3 of the work done,50 frames left then i can sleeeeep!!
#TeamNescafe over here trying to get work done.
Two lectures at the same damn time, man i wish i had the Oathstone of Orkos.
I can't believe they gassed the lil homies..
Man i was at the gym in the morning....now i can't even move my arms properly
Been going HAM on these books...can somebody say straight- A's.
I'd almost forgot that i was a geek....goodbye thug life.
i'm finally getting my spiced chicken done right
These guaranas are starting to get to me...lemme search for something to fry.
Don't drink like a fool....u need ur brain and liver later.
C2H6-COOH....
@braso_smallz prrrrr!!!
@kaytrixx
@aishawanjiku_
@braso_smallz
@homeboyzradio inakam inakam inacum
#teamhangover2.o
@kaytrixx @homeboyzradio @spincycleltd @wyredalovechild show safi kabisa,captivating!!!
now Mass Effect 3 is epic,
i take back what i said about Ascension...it's cool but not epic
These varsity b****** jus throwing their p***** at me...i'm trying to practice self control, Jesus save me!
Man i'm turnt up.....even the news is interesting.
Juggernaut...
i can't believe IGN rated Ascension at 7.8....it's cooler than Ghost of Sparta.
God of War: Ascension
@bettywaitherero @eriqomondi @fandstylekenya @spryvoice ey this girl is right..heshimu mathe ata kama anakuhate.
Experience is everything...if u haven't gone through it,u don't know s***.
@bettywaitherero i thought men and women were equal..
I'll have to do that ish by myself...
These local channels are wack...we need divine intervention.
nostradumbass
wuz chillin wit my big bro @kaytrixx, the guy who eats a whole mbuzi by himself..
@braso_smallz lol lol prrrr afande wagwan.
@marcusolang @verbstract cmon it's the opposite.
'wid 'em 16's we gon put some shots on 'em'- bobby shmurda
imma f****n drug addict.
when ur a kid u hate school but when u get older n realise life is real u turn into a bookworm.
These guys cleaned out my mpesa...some high tech thieves
i'm so stupid
Oh man, i'm going to hell
@mmajitu @coldtusker @estherpassaris ey believe in Jesus..
they're really smart though..
i hate working with indians, why are they so aggressive? This dude almost bust a vessel
wow i didn't know i could throw knives..it's like talent
Woooooo!! Cash calling!!
Chunga usipatwe na afande saa enye uko na 'bravo'
I did it once, i'll do it again..
Ju mi ni chopy haimaanishi ati siezi unda kash......io uchopy kwanza ndio naiput into practice.
i hate being smart..lol nah i don't
I hope i have some parts of my brain that still function..
Lol Lol Lol... imma genius!!
I'm not having fun...EVER!!
Beer tastes incredible after strenous manual labour..
Everybody get intoxicated and act accordingly..
Only Jesus can make me not smoke on Christmas..
What a shame to throw away such good herbs...i won't regret it.
This is no ordinary power...
hello,hello,hello...
lemme go check on this drug dealer friend of mine..
Lighter.
U get a strong and sudden urge to go and do something stupid...it's so thrilling!
Sometimes u look at drugs n want nothing to do with them..
They're tempting me...
Fine day for sleeping..
he rarely says anything...so quiet
My imaginary friend has a strange presence...it's like u go into shock when he's around..
i wish i was an innocent virgin.
why are women so violent?!
i jus feel like i should tweet for no reason.
This isn't just roasting stuff, it's an art..
Ey such a good evening to stumble on some high grade and bbq sumn..
guaranas aren't sissy drinks if u pour them into a large jug..
This dude jus made $75000 then when i asked him for jus $1... his mood changed.
i had no plan, jus some information
This shit started when i stupidly smoked weed and stormed into a guy's office to demand a contract.
Book smart guys can make more cash than any street smart characters..
Books make me feel at home in my mind...
reading time..
Roho safi tu...hamna beef na mtu
i forgot what i wanted to tweet..aaarrgh!
@getinspiredshit man that shit just inspired me, i'm gettin a phd
it's like finding out wrestling isn't real...
c0z i know what they're doing..
now that i'm a filmmaker i'm starting to get bored when i watch movies..
Only thing i ate was biscuits and vodka..
i jus want to be peaceful and read my books..
fuck him i'm not paying
i'm going to pay the dude right now.,and apologise
it is these drugs...i would've paid the guy if i was sober.
i even forgot the question mark..
Shit i hate being violent ..why did i even want to fight with that guy..
grandpa was always givin his 'i started with nothing...' speech
n thinking, judgement n all that ish
man i hate being this drunk,i wish i could stay like this but still have full motor and sensory control
Im feeling depressed...i'll jus drink guinness and smoke.
'U make cash but ur still a fool'
Fuck i jus got a huge cut on my big toe...i don't even feel pain...what have i been taking
It's half true...i tried it once now everyday or weekend.
Lol broke niggas telling me that if i smoke weed alone i'll go crazy...
I don't like cigarettes but dunhill switch is okay..
Watching tv should be like a basic need...
I was getting some work done on my new documentary.....my budget is so low it's a negative value.
I've been trying to read a little, reading is awesome..
Being a geek isn't too bad...for sure it's better than being a gangster..
Today was totally horrible, i went outside without my glasses... i couldn't see anyone.
cash is the cure for laziness
i'm so thirsty i've stopped smoking.
Thirsty Africa
i don't know what draconian is but it sounds like something Malfoy would come up with..
guys are working hard tho
They gave me a headache..
fried chicken sandwiches man.. my own recipe
there are too many crows here...we need to holocaust them.
have u ever tried walking through the valley of the shadow of death?
Is hardwork really necessary? I wish i was gandalf or sth
elbow drop!
cocaine is like a war drug
buying overpriced weed at the beach
Sleep all the time...
I've run out of drug money so i'm staying sober..
i jus took 2 mg of flunitrazepam, that's the equivalent of 20 valium lol n i've not yet started...
@verbstract kuna msee campus huskiza na woofer
opiates are the reason why we hussle....roofie time!
If i ever murder people because they're annoying ...im sorry.
haha peeps r like 'ur so helpful', they don't know how fu**** up i am..
Then i went and did everyone's work..
Lol guaranas n cocaine..
When people from Msa say 'tunataka bei ya unga ishuke' they don't exactly mean maize flour..
Jus Drugs...nothing else on my mind
im even walkin faster
Wow i'm not feeling lazy, it must be the dope or maybe coz i expect to achieve something
Even my asscrack is sweating....drugs are bad
So intoxicated that u can tolerate any boss' bad attitude...
@braso_smallz fika man ndio tuenforce
I need to interview this dude...how do u get straight A's and u snort coke?
Those were some serious opiates...this boy even has cocaine..
I can't believe it..that fool was right
His theory is that if i flood my body with dopamine it might help offset the cravings..
He's crazy that dude...he says roofies will help me quit weed
One of my buddies jus gave me some rohypnol, this early? I jus woke up bruh n u want me to go back to bed?
Women are like herding dogs, they keep us in line n stuff..
This ganja is so potent u'd think haile selassie grew it..
@kaytrixx tumegoteka msee.
@braso_smallz ahah the ninja
diagonally
u start taking photos sideways..
i had used roughly 28 grams of some really cool sh* .i was staggering
@kaytrixx brazzameni
i've been working like Kratos man...
burn buds, trichomes,crystals lol
i feel happy for no reason this must be a fool's paradise..
Ok so i've finally decided to become hardworking...
Alluvial deposits monday fever
I baked something today.....i should've added weed oil..
My first £200, what should i do with it?
What can £350,000 buy?
weed pool party or party weed pool ,pool weed party?
roast food!
Jameson, ethiopian kush n some other flavoured ish...
Man i went and bought a crab today....
@njoguwamwangi nilikua karibu na bro
i jus got a mad contact high..
it's becoming hard to focus ..blurred vision
electric eels on monster fish
if i was high i would've hit it
ey, a bish called me loser till i started doing pushups nshit n now she behaving friendly ...fuck dat
these scientists aren't always right...
get ur head in the game
what are u thinking about? Nothing, absolutely nothing.
3 weeks down..one more left....on the road to quitting weed..
only give up if u die...
@mediamk sindio..im passionate about money.
@mediamk what if i love money?
i quit weed....but the munchies never went away
don't spend more than 1/100 of ur money....n the denominator is directly proportional to ur money
it's ok to get wasted if ur 20 m away from ur bed...
maybe half a glass of wine and a cigarette
i don't use that ish.. it's leeethal
pop a roofie...hit the liqour..hehe
what's the difference between tomato sauce and ketchup?.....citric acid!
if u sprayed it like a water gun there would be problems...what if u were downwind?
what material would be used to contain acid in pellets/balls so as to fire them like a paintball gun?
Acid gun! Now where will i get custom borosil?
in the universe even!
Chemistry is the coolest shit on earth...its -273!!
@bane_snr @msale_ Sanugu
Sanogo ni nugu..
what was i trying? 
S/o to the homie @kaytrixx ,,always has the finest grade...
could testosterone be the culprit?
why do people like violence so much? i must understand..
benzodiazepines
2:1
ATV vs Jet-ski
Dad and I jus went HAM in the kitchen... 
finally took a selfie ....#photoshopelements10
Innocent Palestinians about to get dropped.... Shit is real
Anyone know where i can get Ghost Train Haze?...... And its not a video game you geeks..
think niggas....don't lose it
trusting emotions to make choices and neglecting thought(brain), which is the source of emotions
ignoring their innate ability to come up with strategies and solve complex problems...
people out here working with their backs and relying mostly on primal instincts...
dirty wine
funniest shit i ever saw..this baboon hit the guard dog with an upper-cut...
lemme jus play KILLZONE 2
they're all drug addicts...
in some places 'round here people are given 3 acres and a hoe(farm implement), in the morning and told to till...
im doing clinical psychology...talking to crazy niggas....plus, free prozac!
some bitches are funny
smoke one for @kaytrixx , it's his birthday
roll sm shit up then 3DS MAX 2015
3d modelling ..Autodesk maya 2015 #nosleep
half of portrait done ..CALL OF DUTY:GHOSTS time
NFS RIVALS
from*
snapshot of my space scene... 
I often thought being slim was a disadvantage until i met one of these pleasant individuals outside my room.. 
@WildestFacts the thugs were too high to go thuggin...
this kramer dude jus made my lecturer redundant....as far as learning is concerned..
back in business..
Adoobie After Effects! At 3 am..
atleast he won..mad fight
i hope mayweather knocks maidana the fuck out...
Terrorist need new weapons, that suicide shit don't work ...im sure we'll fuck them up..
good morning enterprising muhfuckas..
mo believers mo money...
Church work can make someone rich....
im eating too much chicken these days, if i continue down this road i'll start getting fat...
pushups make u like bruce lee....weights like the big dumbass who gets knocked da fuk out...
pushups over weights...
@latimesdixon @mozdefinitely they normally send viwetes to run so haina was.,
kplc should hire a nascar pit crew...chap chap...
forced to be an artist...
i suck at art but im like the god of chemistry...
shortsightedness keeps me close to my books...
embrace your physical n mental conditions...they're not going away
@kim_jong_il_254 wewe ata hujui
@kim_jong_il_254 hehe io lasma ukue hardworking
its a lazy person's dream...
Finally! A high paying job where i can work from bed...and it's not porn business..
jus handed in my finals....work n work n work..$$$€¥£
some bitches shrouded in mystery, houdini's hoodie nshit
i saw an animator's net income na nikaacha excuses...
3D modelling ... Cool stuff, who wants a logo? I jus learned it yesterday stalipisha mob..
sometimes i underestimate myself..,i jus did real things today..
jus countersteal and when he's off balance hit him with a combo...DEAD! like 5 of them
my favorite weapon is the Bayezid's knife....kazi inakuwa kuflow tu
i prefer killing janissaries with fists.. its easier
fifa mi ni maembe but i fight and kill 30 cappadocia soldiers at a time without getting touched in assassin's creed...
though i can explain how neurotransmitters work from high school knowledge...
making animation is depressing, i'd rather jus watch...no drive...no concentration
@kaytrixx hehe kadraft tu, bado hatujakaa chini vizuri..
people's views and opinions on stuff change almost hourly....truth is constant
finding solace in these scriptures...the rap bible
kunafaa kuwa na app yenye inaduplicate writting ya msee...
ka ningekua natumia handwritting yangu kutweet.....
that's it ...form ni B12 na E walai,
i don't feel as if im a psycho
hearing voices is jus psychosis or some other mental disorder...
i don't like religion
maybe its Jesus... or my ancestors
raises a very compelling arguement...
the scary part is when it talks back
constantly arguing with your conscience like schizophrenic muhfuckas
druggies don't do much, they spend most of their day fighting negative thoughts..
jus 4 weeks until my memory returns to normal....don't use drugs like a fool
weirdness happened and i drew 100 frames easy...alafu wananiita lazy so they give me 1000 more
and the Holy Spirit
I need Jesus
What am i doing in university? I'm like 5 years early...
i must have at least one talent...
I  can't draw shit...
If you smoke,drink or study alot....u need vitamin supplements - my doctor
Trying to justify shit jus leads to more shit that requires justification....
U can still draw meaning from it... if ur not too critical
I didn't put that appropriately...
Maybe i'll never be rich, u don't see me dwelling on that?..,maybe im already rich in a proverbial yet literal foreshadowy sense..
Enye iko na capital b
When im rich i'll buy bentleys for these niggas
The size of the mosquitoes jo...its like im looking at them through a magnifying glass..
Breakfast in Bondage
im floating
This must be what they give you when u vunjika mifupa..
Sleep-inducing indica
Sleep inducing indica
Jus need the right chemical process and about 900 employees....
Escape
Ezio Auditore up in that Constantinopole.
Its like playing GTA
Marketing warfare....and everything is fair...even sabotage
I'll start jacking people's businesses now....huezi unda io pesa yote solo
Ni huruma tu....na kazi mob
Greedy fucks subjecting us to low quality snacks...naeza watoa biashara awa
Hata huwa hawasaturate sukari... these things are jus like tasteless mandazi
Kaimati can make lots of money ...people jus don't know.....
This food is wack..
I need a kitchen/lab...
Methylene blue sol. + 80 proof vodka + lime juice + apple juice = prank of the year
I want big horn sheep,..
Sme niggas want to learn instinctively like predators ....even predators practice
I think we're geniuses too, jus not willing to be patient enough
I think we need motivation...increase the number of bullies
Cmon niggas....invent shit
Hate the fact that Africans were slaves and shit hasn't changed...
Black hoodies for African geeks...
Less triceps, more frontal cortex...
Less triceps more frontal cortex...
Unakuaje na Galaxy na Mpesa yake ina 16 bob?
I hope i get to do grafting experiments with weed.......i have my high school agriculture teacher to thank for that..
Look around and see what's real.....coffee plantation? ...or shoe franchise?
Unaita watu washamba na wanaunda doo mob kukuliko?....lakini kuna ile ushamba mbaya
I guess the reason i sell poultry is coz agriculture is the backbone of our economy...shit jus sells itself
U have to be enthusiastic about yourself sometimes...
Baboons are real, nimejaribu kuitishia na it didn't even blink ...alafu ikaanza kukuja
Or labda it wanted a puff....
touched a baby warthog while its mother watched...zimekauka man...it must have thought i was Timon..
My transcript be like A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A A in that shit...
Nigga i excel in chemistry, can't speak for grammar tho
A characteristic that has saved many people from an ass whooping...
I hesitate alot
After an hour of pushups u'll want to sleep for 2 days
-
A noteworthy networth if u want to get laid in this city....
Checkmating the comp while stoned.....io inanipea bragging rights
Professor warachiz
I'll get my first degree at 21...i can make Phd by 29
worker ants&gt; dung beetles
Hear no evil
unacheza chess hadi unakaa fala,,,
Giving false impressions  like i had a box of 'em
Unprecedented boners
A Vagabond - Guy de Maupassant
Luck- Mark Twain
The Black Cat by Edgar Allan Poe...
i want to thank Tanzania for the Kilimanjaro..... and this good good
i have the, 'new weed stash!' look on my face...
i know i haven't punctuated the frenchy name, ni kavela jo...
Old Goriot by Honore de Balzac,,,,,you need to check dis
fuck punctuation ....u should all enhance your closure
its not normal to think about money this much
skipping karate class... na si ati ju leo ni sparring and i might get my ass beat
money making me mad ...marijuana too
rich people deal with esteem issues by making more money
only rich people enjoy twitter....broke fools jus try to deal with esteem issues..
How can u smoke weed and still have insomnia?
Thas why i got fast legs to get away from these muhfuckas..
Mi sijui kile awa mabeast hudishi... nliokotwa kama katoi
Im not as physically intimidating as i feel i am.....
And help me so that i dont turn into a mad bull ...
God bless theez testicles ...i might need to use them..
More-a-dis indica now..
Kwanza niende ocha nikuwe lumberjack..
Few people can sniff money like me...
I haven't taken a bath in a 2 weeks and i brush my teeth only when necessary....ur willing to overlook that?... No?
I jus figured 8 things about u by observation and u think im dumb....kwani unataka megamind..
Im like a book being judged by its cover....and my cover is shitty clothes and a dumb look.. which is also my maths face...
Shit, i jus burned half my goatee nikiwasha kahalf-life...
The things she does to my purkinje fibers.....regardless of distance and time ...
Yo check out dat Gluteus Maximus...
A phenomenon known as 'kuwa inadi'..
Lakini wakikupata mbaya an overwhelming urge to mug u shikas them....
Find one and ask.,wataconfirm...
Real thugs are friendly and very emotional....
Hand-eye coordination fools ...
Its like listening to your mind but reacting with ur body....thinking with ur body..
Sometimes when in a fight, i sort of know where my opponent is going to move next....its hard..i forgot how i used to do it ...
Jus saw my gold medals from back when i used to fight.....now i can't even kick (my damn back)..
I'd rather have an English Liz than a Kenyan Liz...
If u want Elizabeth go to England....atleast they're proud of who they are..
How the fuck u blacker than bodex and ur name is Antony or Anastasia
They prefer smith, james, peter, mike.....fuck that...
The minute some of these 'African women' hear my name is wachira, wanakua like ,'mshamba mshamba' in their thoughts...
God is weird.....all the time...
Maybe not...
Maybe its jus the weed....
Causes one to go into trance-like states then hear and feel strange and weird sounds/voices...
Enlightenment....that's my main thing...rules everything
Bruce lee ndio alikuwa baba yao...
Fuundaaaa!
2 things my uncle taught me...how to smoke cigarettes, how to wrestle a donkey...
Those pizza inn fools should learn the proper way to make pizza from my ma...
Na iko serious nikaa inakujia deni yake
I almost got eaten by a  fuckin dog today! ..,the owner anaiita inakataa kuskia ....
Rabbit, bacon, antelope and lots of spices.... #fantasyrecipe
Leo mi ni sniper kiumetalgear ivi
L1 for aim...
R1 + x + L3
I got hair growing on my stomach
Im starting to develop an interest in toxins ..jus incase these local thugs try anything
If a geek tells u he'll change ur subject...he means taking ur biology and making it history.....
Jus saw 2 lil geniuses...
If u can't blow down their house...use tri nitro toluene
If u can't beat 'em.. poison their food....
Smells like Christmas....my ma decided to buss out her new cookbooks...
Ever heard of 'the strength of your loins'...the same shit i'm talking about
Its the same shit ancient warriors used to do...maybe that's why they could keep a wife
Hehe tantra... so that i value sex...and also be able to do it for whole days
Ever heard 'hey joe' by jimmi hendrix....that fucker sang about shooting a bitch that had cheated
I believe in fairy tales now ...jus me n my girlfriend..
I don't think sex is a platform for proving ur manliness..... If ur jus abusing it why should i try to fit in and share in that fuckery?
I need a book called understanding females
Fuck hoes....loose muthafucking bitches
Jus because it doesn't work, doesn't mean i'm the problem...some bitches feel too special
Sailing ....i sometimes feel the smell of it
If im a monkey you're a crow
Hesabu hufanywa na sheng ukijaribu kizungu ni ka kiparable
Maths is too fn easy when im happy like this....its jus bullshit ,easy like breathing
Nafanya ii maths ka nko na njaa....
Sometimes maths inaeza fanya ujam hadi unaanza war na mwalimu...it like provokes fighting demons nshit..
Math problems
My problems are like a swarm of bees, time to smoke them away...
Making mental notes on twitter isn't fun anymore
How many times does the principle have to be explained weight isn't strength....there are ways to generate force in a horizontal direction
My back is like a stone .i can't even move
Try holding that kung fu stance for taking a shit for 3 hours and then try walking
Fuck psychotic depression
I don't want to do it but i must
I always say sorry before i kill shit
Can u handle who i really am?
Too much love and people think you're a wus
Im saving that feeling for people who deserve it ..
My heart aint even warm anymore ,these thugs act like reptiles
All this stuff they sell in the hood is fucking wit my brain
Don't listen to me u might get confused, annoyed
Fuck grammar imma caveman
Wait, i can draw! took a while  before it kicked in.
I can't draw but i can kill 3 mobile mosquitoes in under 5 secs
This must have been how God created things..  jus using his throat
5 mins ago i didn't have talent but now im doing stuff in automatic..wtf weirdness
Im growing a beard...like Bin Laden
Don't play cards with my lil bro....
Im emotional when i don't take my medicine
Centre of all practical stuff....channelling shit from my mind is too easy.....hehe #newskills
Mbona unakaa kama celestial beings...ama niko high?
Female rabbits
Forget the fuckheads ....hawajakohoa kuniliko
I need a voice...
Everyone has ideas, expressing them though...
Scheming and steaming
I've been dreaming about that bitch
my stomach tells me stuff
first payday , sema kulewa ...
wait till i start dressing sharp
time to kill some living things
na usipigane na watu wa ocha , wanajua vita
leopards aren't cats ...jus fuckin monsters...u wouldn't want to hear that growl anywhere..in ur life
when a swarm of bees came around..action took place like it was battle formationl or sth ...everyone looking for cover #shagz
my small bro almost got mauled by a bull...had to pull the nigga out the way...he was frozen
those muhfuckas are coordinated
nugus in nyahe arent like these other nugus
hehe ziliwapiga n the foos had matchetes
@kaytrixx kuenda war na mababoon...
hunt rabbits n antelope n shit...
stare at the Mau escarpment all fucking day, as if looking for a clue
Nyahururu ..,very beautiful n spooky place
hehe ile spidi nilienda ata nadhani io samo ilishtuka
going to shagz n getting chased by a leopard....#wheniwaslittle
i can't believe i wasn't seeing it...
wine, honey, pancakes....what is my aim?
sometimes i think tha  'gods' are angels jus doing their job...
Man.... Jesus is real
i jus want my food....its not a money thing
im a fuckin Kratos....,jus can't quit
i can play the game ...im flexible
im not useless...jus very stubborn
my dream is to be lazy n rich
huge shark , unapproachable light ....natural high
the spirit takes on many forms right? Like a dove...mine's a shark
kuna wasee huniinspire... lakini siwezi kuwashow
advice is good....but usiniwekelee mikono kwa kichwa trying to impart ur shit on me...metaphorically speaking
go mind ur own shit ...no time
if i want to go murder living things and live in the wild...how is that ur problem?
fuck society , fuck standards...fuck what u heard from a person who thinks they know how u should live
my kid bro jus walked in with a huge ass tablet alafu ananiuliza 'uko watsapp?'
endurance training...my lungs love it ..can't speak for the rest of the system.
the present one ....sijalala daro
im living in the moment
kwani we ni mathe?
u can't try to opress me, kwani ur my wife?
i stood up to that big strong ugly muhfucka na nkamshow hatuna ujinga...
im becoming more down to earth....i need currency
hurray for uruguay
instead of thieving afadhali nicheze ball
mkikuja ka watu tisa ivi nawachenga
i'll play from morning till evening
football is a science
football... thas my skill
look! A cookbook ...a chicken!..weeed!
jus feeling like i recovered from death
put my fist up and think about freedom, winning ,being a boss...
im on some Madiba ish, cooking up a storm for these fools
those weren't meds , izo ni matranquilizer
i jus met people from mars...those fuckers were in the zoooonne!
some drugs aren't for humans
luo's are sexaaay!
ntakupiga ngeta
middle finger isnt jus a middle finger
they call it the Kuji-in aka hands of power
put this middle finger up ..im tired of the bullshit.... ninjas also train in similar fashion, it gives them confidence
so fly imma start talking to God
God Engineering
im going to drink till i become the drunken master
fry me up some marinated fish
delegation is my new friend ...need to have my body doing more important things
jackie chan is a businessman....so obvious when u watch his movies
and i said and twice
one day i'll OD and go and make a track
sometimes i feel like i want to go out and change sth ...wack fools everywhere
ur sexual energy sky-rockets when u practice it...its powered by sexual energy
art is for everyone, even wasee wanakaa hawajiwezi can perfect their art
like this crazy guy in our hood who pepetad 5 Ap's
books are informative though for a more refined form of the art
its a feeling and a state of mind not knowledge from books .,animal instinct knowledge, some practical ish
most people who actually experience the martial arts phenomenon are guys for mjei
some people's thinking is too rigid to appreciate art....MARTIAL ART! Its not even about violence
moving like ancient Egyptians
Moses must have been one cold muhfucka
weird...but not from my perspective
trying to get a hold, u jus need to balance everything....its like call of duty in veteran mode
it takes years to master...anyone can learn boxing in 6 months
'power from above' is required so as to practice.....
too lazy to box also
Ninjitsu....because im too lazy to go to the gym
over the past few days i've picked up mad delegation skills
paperz
Rolling paper
some Magic City shit
call me lucky dawg...the timing ilikuwa impeccable
chching!
palms are itchy, i smell the money
there's sth about these women, especially Kenyans,were y'all assassins in ur past lives?
some bourdain shit...
the key is keeping the milk jus below boiling point...or u can go buy some..
im the type of nigga that does pushups in the kitchen while the shit simmers
@mediamk u marinate the pussy?
these Arab girls have a thing for me ...ni vile wamekaziwa tu
chemistry chef
u need to balance the amounts of coconut milk and raw mangoes or the shark will be fucked up #Chifuchefu
@kaytrixx  niaje mbuyu?
jus heard good news ....imma smoke like 4 blunts to that
the Borgias are snakes...but flyer, so they be dragons
elephants!
ambition, coz they're afraid to make money
slytherin seems like a nigga to me
dance like a hufflepuff....mo money than slytherin
but im gryffindor so mi ni mjinga bado
Crows are smart ....im on some Ravenclaw shit
Taipan aka the Big Boss
its my shit coz i walk ,eat and breathe it so it will eventually show up as a product of the excretory system
science is my shit ,i was born for this
then i make pizza...like ma
im too high to not be creative
its effective at minimising noise and numbing second thoughts
i've been practicing this rugby takedown jus for u
when im drunk i get violent ...not because im angry... its jus that body movement becomes so easy and fluid and fun
business skills have very little to do with books...extra knowledge is an advantage.....but oldskool rules in this case
u need the right drugs for that
there's a way tho...setting one's senses at auto
Captain Jack Sparrow is a cold blooded killer who accepts and enjoys his work...
izeni kwa kuunda doo...ni vile i got the midas touch
AIDS .....some lethal shit...its a bad way to go....i prefer overdosing...
im not like these other fools, i can program myself to think like u
si ungesolve shida yako ka we ni mjanja sana
why then when some bad shit happens u always come roun looking for support?
thas why 'girls are smarter'....blah blah blah
emotional intelligence, thas what street smarts are about
im a child of God, that's something they can't take away..
everyone thinks they do what they do for a good cause...even the shabaab fools
don't do drugs in high school , that's for university man
i balance equations during my free time and i think rugby and math are related
dont use drugs ...we might not be the same
marijuana, maths n music...
marijuana n maths....
undertaker eyes
tai chi...coz i got too much swag to jog
sleep with a deadly weapon beside u and always close the door behind u
On my rick ross shit, boss shit, eating fancy shit shit...
#NP Kendrick- Average Joe
Sun Tzu - The Art of War
to me work is jus work, any profession can be noble..
become a ranger, so it can be like u'r watching nat geo
though there's no evidence linking them to hashish smoking
the word 'assassin' originated from the term 'hashshashin' meaning 'hashish smokers'...
have u ever felt like u wanted to kill some motherfuckers?
i jus need a dangerous job where i will get to see the ocean...
Chess ...for the wisdom thing
too much application , too many unknowns
Chinese philosophy is like math..
score big bucks during beach parties
yeah thas it, crustacean company ltd .,lol
and lobster and eel....i should start a biz there
i know a place u could get fresh shrimp at the price of beef
am i cocky?
fuck assumptions ....u couldnt figure out my vibe even if i told u
i don't do opiates....in forms that are illegal
thas why i bought painkillers with lots of codeine in them
communication systems slowly resuming service
money making skills...that's my new field of interest
they always start when you're about to get laid
fuckin nightmares...
earth bending ni ka mawe ,hardest shit ever...there must be diamonds somewhere around here
steal my money, i steal your good traits
usicheze na wach ye ni mujanja
i jus want to be a part of the big picture
no? Its jus me and my money then
listen to your instincts and feelings.....you're an animal....and at the same time god
their answers are predictible ..their minds do not evolve....adapt to survive mutha fucka
most 'smart people' r jus slaves of the mind...programmed like a droid
i have a very low opinion of examz ...those fuckers are jus trying to fuck with us
there is need for balance, cant take it all to the head..i have balls ...i need money
sme weird shit
then back to being short-sighted
my vision clears for a moment...everything becomes so easy
sometimes it fluctuates, but during meditation, it increases exponentially
im like a whole bunch of people
i bet it'll be one-eighty som'n once im done with my latest project
and i was 16
my IQ was 169 .....before i started smoking
dont say bad stuff about my ma
mums are only happy when u're breaking ur back working
logic is cool , a stoner's salvation
so if u don't understand mi ndio mjinga?
anyone can think,but, not everyone believes
vodka in one hand, a lemon in the other
i jus saw someone tweet ' education is the key' u niggas know how literal that is?
alcohol slam dunks on khat's face
the solar plexus is a curious region of the body
balance, dont kill your lungs..u need them for next time
most people dont figure it out
its hard being stupid and smart at the same time
and im not even hardcore
even though, whatever ..fuck it
although my room looks like those jikoni's for ocha, i cant feel happy and im not even getting high
to use khat u have to have lots of bitches, im too depressed for one bitch
this state is too depressing, where di ganja at?
purple ,red and black
i need to do some real shit, then people will see...painting now..with flash
suprisingly, i dont feel tired
been heavy lifting for an hour and a half.,i dont know what came over me
mastering the khat high is cool ...its like an intense prayerful state...makes me feel closer to God
gives u mad depression tho
most things that seem counter intuitive are usually half truths
it seems stupid.,i know
and these male hormones maze....naeza chapilia dem hadi style za kung fu
i feel fearful yet fearless
induces such lovely bursts of adrenaline
no wonder these Somalis are so strong....there was this one guy that fucked up 16 people! It was like magic
chewing like a goat
haka kagoks maze....im trying to experiment on grounding
new rule now: work less, earn more
mwanaume ni kutumia flash, photoshop na 3dmax at the same damn time
i want to be a sniper
boxing is for fun n games...aint u ever heard of modern warfare?
how am i s'pposed to do 15 things at once?
and she mean muggin the whole time!
my ma jus woke me up at 5 like : go slaughter the chicken,carry the water,clean the house,go get sacks of chicken feed,
i need bragging rights, i need to achieve, i need to eat
im still lightin' up these L's...can't even feel high anymore
music soothes the savage beast
the teaching of Buddha, ever wonder why Asians have crazy math skills?
thas why u shouldnt fight when ur angry
thats jus the mindset ,actually doing it requires effort
u can express virtues ,vices also
there is beauty in body movement ,its self expression, same way walking styles are
jus wait till i find a good reason
ni Mungu tu anajua...
i admit niko na mafeelings, however, sometimes i feel like punching your kidneys repeatedly
i must win
mayai sita na bado ata sioni pahali imeenda
im using chewing gum now ...plastic requires pros
haha tugwikatia morio tondo niguthukire
im jus a fuckin african geek
jus trying to express myself in a way that is useful to people ,since u geniuses called me useless
makes my brain creative, then science comes alive
and im also cooking and trying to invent shit
i left out the f
put the parafin in the stove, nafanya kazi.... nahope ntapata ganji ka hov...
Pac did balle? kwani angetiptoe into an uppercut position?
dancing sort of acquaints one to body movement ...thas why black people ni wanoma hand to hand
kuna muzik lazma njirushe kiasi
now ...lets go do som'n scientific  ...me and my imaginary friends
i dont know how they grew this shit...hawa ndio mafarmer oriji
i don't look for trouble
Vito Corleone kind of vibe...simple life, handle my biz
so sucker free they cant see me
new stash! Yey!
i now understand what watch and pray really means...hehe ukiona wasee wakiomba before mtihani usicheke
we ongea mbaya tu, ntakukula spear
my finger hurt like a biarch
electrocution feels like forced meditation ...felt the energy move to my feet then the ground....earthing
dis a wan crazy compound
all in the name of Science
need to cut down on the reefer...jana nilipigwa shock ka mjinga ...u know what they say about the 3rd time
cooking is like chemistry fools, ingredients - reagents? Same shit
Today im cooking shark soup and rice ...need to boil the muhfucka first..
im pleased ,now lemme get high
and some knowledge of how atmospheric pressure works
done! all i needed was a hot knife and some plastic
staying hungry helps me think
with bottles and straws..and a ball pump and water and anything i can spy with my little eye
imma make a smoke chamber-bong...jus realised im getting the neighbors high..need to contain the smoke
hardwork is good but i can achieve more with machines, tired of breaking my back..
this a dumbass movie, everything is too obvious
matchete kills
love can make u levitate
i have a good heart, i can run for miles
freaked me out!!
no shit.,there was this day a voice in my head started laughing
maybe i'll be a vet...
#NW Bruce Lee- The Big Boss
kama stakuwa na lugha ntajipuliza mapheromones ....lakini lasma katahappen
ni wonder woman maze
ntakuwa na dem msupa kuliko wako
eco- awareness
mi si chizi , memory iko bado
chemistry is my true passion...hio ndio huwa najua mi ni mnoma
ndio maana nilikuwa nabondwa nikienda pitch
hesabu zako ndio zitakusave
its not even about styles....there some guys wenye huwezi wapiga
unaenda ka kiwild animal lakini na akili ya mtu
ju guard si ya boxing msee.,open palm
your math skills need to be off the roof...rada ndio kila kitu
ninjitsu is real...its jus really hard to practice...
figuring out numbers makes a person volatile
now jus need more steam and vodka
so lemme read my fuckin soil mechanics in peace
gandhi wasnt stupid
you think my forefathers won this bitch coz they were stupid?
i've always been afraid to win.,but its for my survival now.
im feeling like i want to get organised...nimevaa sura ya works.
think with my forehead, have a big forehead....girls seem to like it
mujinga! mujinga! mujinga! wewe!
that part of the brain starts developing at maturity...thats why i've been so stupid!!
this is what sets us apart from the animals...ability to invent.
and a cigarette
lemme bus' out my 'Reinforced Concrete'..its a nice book
i dont think jus anyone would've  knocked out einstein in a fight...
maths and physics arent about assumptions and beliefs , they're about real shit.
numbers are what i need...
im working on my frontal lobe, these real-life situations require an entirely different approach
battleground then bruce lee
machipo! Hahaha
swag on 220, now that the muthafucka is on the frying pan
ka undertaker
walked in with swag on 180 zile design za, 'which one of you chicks is on the menu?'
first, my angel of death routine
lemme go kill this chicken now ...
that was close!
i wouldnt fuck wit anyone who wears those berets
Call of Duty
thats why elephants never forget ...smell, strength, memory
a salute isnt jus a salute dummies
Erik Lehnsherr before he got fucked up
internet gangsta
a disturbance in the force...i am sorry i cannot let it slide
i'll repay each and everyone of u motherfuckers..
i have photographic memory fool...and our principal used to say 'they have names, they have faces'
sometimes playing along when supposed misfortune happens helps in revealing one's true friends
these were some very clever SOB's
aaand we walk by faith ....so seeing is believing?...maybe vice
versa
only the smart ones see past the bullshit
professor xavier ni mnoma
meditation , gives you peace of mind...clears out the drugs
balance muhimu lakini
so thats why they said overcome evil with good...two wrongs dont make a right
right is innocent
left handed thinking is wicked
never come between me and my cartoons
need to work on my German...
u want some opiates?
maybe im unrealistic
joins ,combines ...whatever the term
how hard can it be to make a machine that fuses 3 oxygen atoms
can someone jus fix the damn ozone layer...hii solar ya sku izi jo
i want to be a sailor
useful for torture....bad for the soul
if i could find a way of stimulating a person's pain receptors without damaging tissue...a false sense of pain...
human insecticide
if i was to do what my thoughts told me id be a bad person
im a good person , sometimes even too good..
u don't know who i am or what i am capable of, therefore, u cannot define me.
rise above hate
but have alot of hobbies.
stick to what u do best ...
i want a tattoo of a stethoscope
i used to extract THC with a frying pan...then make milkshakes with it or mix it with yoghurt
put it in a spray can so i can evenly distribute it
then if someone fucks wit me i jus go get conc.sulphuric acid
did that crossword in 10 mins and i was hiiiigh
cant be a thug either ,u have to sleep with one eye open!
@safri_mista niambie sopsopu
im jus a fuckin doctor.,who am i trying to fool with this film shit
#NW a bugs life..
those fuckers jus watched us , they didnt even bother following
kama swara msee
nimehepa nikaa niko na wings
all the alcohol potead from my system
mwanaume ni kujitetea maze
need to work extra hard
i can become a clown when i want to
want to submerge like the nautilus in that bitch...however, she wont let me
lemme fry me up some birds...and fish...really good fish ...at the same damn time
blue moon!
@kaytrixx niaje msee..
i jus need beer.... or vodka
i should have said however
but in this case i happen to be African ...
shaking the hand of a wise old man...thas the kenyan dream
its not even about the tool, its the user
violence is bad
a simple farm tool like a matchete can be used as for self defence purposes....its harmless in the hands of a person of goodwill
and these gunias arent getting any lighter
dis a blazing sun man!
patience is a virtue learnt through hardship, nikisota msidhani siifeel
i think some of us need to go to church and get some faith
these gatos jus dont understand
sawa basi achilia kalamu yako
these imaginary friends cRacK  mE Up...
thas exactly why pens are held like that....or with the ok symbol
the thumb, index and middle fingers can be used as controls...the hand
the body is a system of nerves that are connected to the brain through the spine...so its like a giant machine
i know im crazy but jus follow this...
ever wondered why the teacher emphasized 'you should have knowledge AT YOUR FINGERTIPS!'
though not directly proportional ,depends on a person ...but it happens to some degree
'money instinct' is somehow linked to the 'affinity' for women, thus, more money, more bitches
pushup mania after kushup syndrome ....
bang bang chilli
i didnt even feel a thing it happened so suddenly
my big bro ndio alinisaidia hehe
it was fun coz of the pain medication
another was at the hosi when i shattered my tibia while riding a bmx ...it snapped like a twig  it was even sticking out
playing with this coin with my fingers...so i wont look like a thief
hehe most fun i ever had
my mind became sharper than the fn blade of olympus for about 10 mins
and i was a little kid
there was this day i was nearly torched....coz of a misunderstanding
ever wonder why yoda talks like a fuckin chinese guy high on som'n?
lemme pick up this wand like Obiwan
speaking in tongues...a most curious phenomenon..i wonder if and how they do it.
the scary thing about legends...
dont accept negativity too much
my imaginary friends told me that hihihi
a sort of 'money instinct' , tobbacco sometimes enhances it
most people do it subconsciously
set your eye on gold but never forget who u are..... that means my D will get bigger!
kusota si poa
equal and opposite
same universal law, every action has a reaction
hehe like paul said , dont be too good or too evil
fight negative thoughts and feelings
they need to be in a state of balance so that u avoid 'weirdness'
feminine to mean yin
if u refuse to embrace ur feminine side u'll most likely have an ugly wife...ur XY
i don't buy that 'u can't have everything' line
so thas why snipers stay still for so long
say no to violence
i've noticed it among hawa machokosh and guys in the army
vision becomes more focused and there's a strange calmness in ur eyes ...
its harder than it seems ...
when u learn to turn on ur killer instincts in a non-violent way and hold for long periods ...girls like it
im not talking about tomboys....jus those amazon like women...wonder woman!
i try my best to be all-rounded
when she talks too much i STF her
when we argue she kicks me in the gut then applies the triangle choke
she has to have awesome managerial skills...i don't trust myself with spending cash ,can make alot of it tho
Im feeling happy
shit, we'd be doing it while we're doing jumping jacks in the hao
what? I need someone to smack the shit out u bitches when u hate
i want a girl who can do a cross-arm breaker
kill me in my sleep? I always say a goodnight prayer
slytherin is cool
and i said at for a reason
those reptilian instincts are kicking in ...at the end its jus about survival..why give ear to triviality?
there's nothing graceful about it ...jus straight up and coldblooded
i cant supress it ,the urge to act is overpowering...maybe i'll see another day
im not really thinking about old age
i know its stupid but i like risking my life
adrenaline beats weed anyday....adrenaline + weed = adventure
that shit is cool till u meet those flying squad fucks
do i look like i'll be giving up anytime soon? Im too pretty to sell drugs
but im more of a business person...need a silver tongue
Bruce lee, 5'7 ,martial arts dynamite....this fucker trained chuck norris and joe lewis
no excuse tho ...anything a big ass dummy can do , i can achieve more ...
id throw u across the fuckin room
and being skinny doesnt mean i cant benchpress over 50 kg...imagine if i was fat
girls who say they want 'real men' fall to sly tongue...a deep voice is all it takes to get with them..
jus listen to your fuckin instincts
haha u think the devil is a guy with horns? Lol
only fools don't believe ...
Cenation
i know my communication skills are wack..lakini im the josef mengele of murdering cunt .
cuz imma voodoo child! Lord knows imma voodoo child!
patience is the hardest but at the end of the day we 'toff like stone'
aint u ever read, he blesses those who bless us and curses the haters
i only compete with myself
when im quiet and happy its coz of my thoughts,i live in my head..im past that wack 2 cent psychology bullshit
one of these days imma knock ur teeth out, don't push me
i forgive those fuckers
those fuckin assholes who refused to help me and went to MIT on their own...i've figured out ur shit
she's jus another bitch
eureka jo
im seeing too much , everything is disorganised
including this red snapper
mean mug on e'rrthang
gutting fish is such a beautiful thing
i stopped .,teaching myself discipline
i don't know how fringe will help me figure that out
need roots like an oak ,where di money deh?
why u have to throw me off my energy like tha?t
fn alcohol
you're cooler than i expected
your cooler than i expected
what? Repetition is a stylistic device
this fillet is fantastic...no wonder this neighbour ameanza kunusianusia hapa
yaay we all marvel at your great twitter intellect....you fucking kemenyi wa rigura
Drunken fist ....so real
since i've temporarily quit smoking....lemme explore the world of cups, bottles and glasses
i still think you're the bomb
i wish i could express myself ..fuck!
lone wolf
im overcoming weakness..
i accept my short comings...and the way is shown
too bad makeup don't fix shit
everybody has weakness
i still check her out tho
been on the grind too much , i deserve to yap
the art of abstinence... for even years...ask Bob
i can get waaay better...
its not even mostly about sex...it starts to make ur brain more mature,less childish
shit, i can remember the smell of chicken shit ..its like a fn instinct
been breaking my back carrying chicken food all day...
tweeting upside down...
shoulder stand..hope i dont nosebleed
love is king ...
don't believe me? kuja tushindane kusprint
woooo! Airbending! My favorite!
More steam!
i want to not think about it, her
Its not good to discuss your shit in public..
Im feeling motivated....yaani niko inadi leo
Ati suicide politics? Only suicides happening are the chain of blunts in state H
Dance inside dat..p..
My confidence jus drank liquid hydrogen
OMG veiled virgins!
Kung fu panda is deep
Confidence tai chi aka fire bending...
connect to higher beings ,extremely good teachers ...Real Wajanjez!
drink drink drink drink...for my confidence
@kingmorbid recipe for cooking mambus
shit ....guinos and blunts... to the head
everything in time #hope
everthing in time #hope
hehe lingala jo
so today i attempt to reach for greatness....
Whoa, acting skill has improved tremendously  ...and i want to drink! and eat.also gaining a degree of control over my abdominal muscles
My grandma once told me a story by the fireplace....
Ii script bana lasma afanywe mambo
Texas sounds better ....but its really Muran'ga!!
Gon fry me up a steak and pretend im from Louisiana
praying is coo
and free running...
one also feels balanced, like your left and right sides are moving in synchrony, very useful in hand to hand combat..
kurelax kiusilverback
inafanya uskie free ka nugu
tantra is cool
sting like an angry bird
one of the effects of weed is that you float like a butterfly
nimeshinda base nikispar tunaeza patana nikushow what i've learnt
Boxing sometimes comes naturally to africans ...kuna msee amekuja leo....
acha niende makimbizi
ah fuck its jus the letter d
big plate of minced meat
big plate of mince meat
music making magic
Lemme watch miracles now
All this cloud cover is making coasto pleasant  especially to nudies like me
LOL LOL LOL LOL IMm A MONKEY!!!
i advice people to not listen to me
Im starting to crave the adrenaline rush...ni kaa scooby snack
Ushawahi ogopa hadi ukaskia kuacha mafi msee...
Near-death experiences help you believe in a higher power....sort of like faith
Waah! My organs are speaking to me
Now i feel like i want to grow fat and join the army
I want to teach someone....poke her in the right direction
For He did not give us a spirit of fear....moving energy to your gut and lower abdomen dispels fear...BALLS!
kaa ritho ndio marithe zisikutambarize
The chiles all happen to be Avian lakini..
In a room with 150 chiles ,dreams do come true
Bukkyo Dendo Kyokai - The Teaching of Buddha.... master Ugwe shit right here
One body, so many switches and controls...
Her aura  felt like warm silk ....and vapour
My grandma once told me a story.....
We should make a song-  'sweet tasting toxicity' to better describe the properties of ethylene glycol..
This shit is too interesting... Suppose  God judges us for our tweets?
If i could predict the future i'd turn into a lazy conartist ..
Clairvoyant people are jus weird fuck ups ...until they master the art
Would i feel guilty if i was one of the soldiers that shot the terrorists?
mysteriously wonderful but also scary ...like a horror movie
books for days...maybe months ..most likely years
peace like Jesus
'jus gimme di lights'...what i told my lighting lecturer when he asked for my report
400 m sprint ....kuhepa kuhepa buda
Buddha bless
nothing, absolutely nothing, beats free internet....except maybe pu*a*g
masqwembe!masqwembe!masqwembe!
*10 page script to write by 8:00 pm mode*
greetings from the land of the half-dead
roughly 240 v ..its like trying to arm wrestle Mark Henry
I almost got electrocuted today ...240 volts through me right hand....TGIF
me need more and more ....
Lighting class ...the future looks bright when ur high
one of my rare twitter hit and runs
sociology cat had no impact whatsoever on my social skills ..the fact that i aced it didnt help one bit
AND DROPS
animating shit....literally....this pile of shit transforms into a figure then flies over someone's house
uncompromising attitude ..its time i borrowed something from hitler
lemme hope ntakuwa rich off this shit
when im done with this i'll be master of stop-motion
ate inaitwa ninjutsu?
@SnoopDogg thas wassup cuz....on that ethiopian shshshs
living in rongai has taught me that baboons are not to be fucked with
taijitsu today..woke up feeling dangerous
hehe that Dom Perignon
i don't like confrontations thas why i pretend im stupid when someone disses me indirectly....
some people think twitter is Yellow brick road
ine maraya maya mothe me fara...
@titonaci dm
I want to show her my jiujitsu
@titonaci niko man ...natime tu miradi
naona bro ako works mbaya--- @kaytrixx
@titonaci niaje muhfucka
quarter ounce to the head
its called interpersonal intelligence and its next on my conquest
im  wack at social interaction not because i'm stupid ..i jus haven't found out the keystone to that type of intelligence
its like i have a mututho spirit in my head...
regulate your high nigga
now to find myself a sparring partner ...i hope its a female
have to set it straight with God, living without magic is fucked up
Shinobi-iri commonly referred to as stealth and infiltration
Ninjitsu training
I once saw my friend get pedigreed on a tarmac road ...next day I started taekwondo
maternal care free and all thee hoes want to get PG
shackles of dormancy also known as the vegetative state ..laziness in layman language
however u feel like Dr frankenstein in the end
drawing 60 pics for 2 seconds of animation while paying attention to character position is unfair
music is art, art is liberal, si naeza skiza kile nadai ama?
utarekebishwa na mayout
creating my own legacy ....life is a sort of nintendo game eminem
grave mistakes,,,,suicidal measures
@Kaytrixx hehe we wacha hio ni evidence
ants are my inspiration this afternoon
THE NEW EATING CHAMPION OF THE WORLD!!!
the bitch jus got owned in 9 minutes 22secs
manbeast vs giant bowl of destiny
im tiger-sharking this food
like inception but more real
slipping in and out of paranoia attacks is like watching lion king 11/2
krav maga training now .....sub-zero mode
@samsenji gui siachi
@Safri_mista cooler than air conditioning ma nigga.....nilikuwa tu chini ya maji
oh shit i'm a Gryffindor
people mistake my kindness for stupidity....nakuaga aloof kiasi coz of the dop* but nothing escapes my gaze
some niggas should go to hell so that the world can be a safer place
fake friends hide behind a smile, i would roast them myself but io tutaachia Satan
she hot like Mercury, got more fight than Aries and a brain like Athena
psychological dilemma
bottle of nightmares
@Safri_mista reserving comments tu
feeling touched by a higher power..still smokin on that sweet n sour
@samsenji unajua dre ni nini?
@samsenji hehe nugu
quit the d**e so we could get d***r
@virgomelody aje?
i quit that shit ....
went down roads so dark i had to blend in....
hizi diced pineapples zinageukaga ndizi in some parts of the country
I'm seeing owls on the TL
macreeper nawajua ata kuna those i see on the tl hapa
david guetta madness
rap machine
video-games are amazingly inspirational
Tribulations of an Ottoman Janissary...
photoshop niggas!
These must be those 'long nights, long nights' for that payday
mwathani uka
waah kesho paper ya ent. (waits for Jesus)
kucrack mawifi ndio zangu tu
ze dark arts ....am i ready?
hamwezi nishow
"niggas playing deadly muthafucking war games"
*death-holds
i want to apply this jiu jitsu deathold nimeona hapa on that bitch
dr dre is like a genius gorilla ....(gorilla not implying race but body proportions)
she lacked the spunk i crave
ill make the african version of hobbit then make a guy that looks like rozay one of the orcs
nas going ham again .....
limited liability companies tho
proverbial shagging -merger between two companies
ah siiet mtihani man ...lasma niACE
i think she's an arkenstone
@titonaci nko poa,mjamaa ,,,,sa form?
@kingmorbid mi ni soja msee, impossible
i  jus spotted nugu-faced @titonaci on the tl
@kingmorbid yo ilikuwa hazy man ..skumbuki sh*
ice cold with traces of bullshit and a mop
Adoobie After Effects- what happens after i overdose
weed isn't cool nowadays
umbwa kum*****o   ......ni genje
opportunity so f***N elusive 
weave my old rags into new sh*t.....
brilliance of hobbit still remains hidden like dwarf doors -movie analysis .....hobbitalization n dwarfism lol nko nje
smwokin on namba nane's finest
can i sext  u maze twitter crush unanimada
kwaito is like 10000 volts from an energizer battery
step on stage break a leg and a ligament - fruity loops 10
@kingmorbid @samsenji @Chrismwanga mnasemsaje idiots kwani helb haijakam?
@samsenji nugu za nax wewe
i WANna know ur naMe
@kingmorbid exactly
baggas like @kingmorbid  are the ones going to heaven na ata hawajui
this climb is as treacherous as i thought it would be
@Amuturideh im so chilled nigga,,kunaendaje?
we can skip the fancies and jus f***
hate from other people is a powerful get rich tool if u know how to use it
on the road to being the realest maze
shout out to all the niggas that hook us up with that 'nkara
sometimes i wish i didn't have a reputation so that i could speak my mind
@kingmorbid everyone is crazy yo
my bio is a result of careful analysis of hood life
@kingmorbid hehe huko ni kwa watu hawajielewi...i might be crazy but najua pahali naenda
i could fight 30 of you any day nigga
@kingmorbid boss im kryptonian
@kingmorbid msee saa ii niko zone mbaya
@kingmorbid hehe mrogi
@Chrismwanga @kingmorbid @samsenji nyi wote mmefyat
this world needs to kaa rada
this day is getting too inspirational
the feeling of elation one gets after cracking someone else wifi
i don't even trip, im sittin on gold
@samsenji nipe yako
@samsenji Ni namba ilichange
@samsenji Uga kijamaa
Exponential potential
im on that good good
Please niggas, if u must eat lolipops crunch them in your mouths dont suck them!
@titonaci no i exist in gaseous form....faka...niaje?
Jeff needs to get tsvangirai on the bench
@titonaci she thinks ur explosive
Endeleeni kubonga ye anakam tu akiwagonga.......OCTOPIZZO ako forward
All u people who smoke weed then start tweeting don't feel too creative...we also get that too
It's about survival up in here
I happen to be a night owl sometimes
We go hard like steel
Octo ni bidii si illuminati *juliani voice
You get greedy you get popped
No help...u have to stand on ur own
Watching this interview and Peter Kenneth is high on weed...
I want to smoke what led zeppelin were smoking when they made stairway to heaven
@samsenji sindio
Too much money so they went crazy
We all need some muhfuggin hope once in a while
When i start talking #peoplebelike wtf is he saying?
They jus indirectly told people to drink in a cartoon i'm watching
That's why people with low IQ's hate cartoons and smart people like them
Cartoons usually have a deep hidden meaning that one has to decipher..most don't see it
Watu wa morning glory wako wapi?
Something got me dancing like i wuz a primate
Makes me wonder what the eds will grow up to be
Angels
Damn! kuna msee hapa amekulwa mkoko wa shingo
A rush of heat to the hands and legs, exaggerated use of imaginative pattern of thought,growth of right brain..
Looking at all these social circles is fun
Acting stupid with knowledge is intelligent
I like bad girls coz they more responsible
Refuse help unless its absolutely necessary
100 200 300 400 500
Oh jesos i missed this
Purple haze all in my eye,
don't know if its day or night- hendrix
I need to change this avi
Na wasee ni walevi maze
Kuna watu wengine kwa tl siskii kuwaona fuck!!
'I feel like i have the whole of this bitch in my hand'- when i was buying a dog in rongai
Hawa wasee wa spartak mosko wako wapi... Aka mahater wa barca
@kevinmunene91 eh niaje buda
@nimzzii niko maze nimechill tu
I need to learn social skills and anger management
@kingmorbid its not,  kuna beach na madem
@kingmorbid hehe easy coasto ni kuroll up tu
@kingmorbid we uko mbali, ama uchkue jet ufike
Where the fridge at?
Hehe watu wa wake and bake wako wapi?
@jiannix kwani lazma niongee..usiniulize maswali
'Makaga wanashilikiana na mekora kutuweka hatalini'
On a scale of ed to sonko ....how stupid do you think u are?
If an artist is overated he/she should live up to the fans expectations.......
People exaggerate some things over no reason...childish
I feel like annoying the Niggas Next Door...yes at this hour!...acha niongeze volume
I feel like some of you should wash your mouth with jik.....or i can wash it for u
I should start blogging now....that part of my brain has been dormant for like 5 years
Sometimes i'm like a snake...i shed  old shit for new shit
Positivity is crucial....negative people go nowhere, empower yourself.
Kaytrixx kinamix tu kwa hao
I need a huge blunt now
Don't see niggas in Romney's HQ
Weed has jus been legalised in some states...wacha nitafute green card
This Trump mu'fucka only wants to make more money n get richer....thank you Obama!
I've reserved my tweets for later..
@jiannix ni nini kusuasua si niko area boss
So many insecure people
Shit *inappropriate
#Iwontgiveumyweed if you start tongue kissing the damn blunt.
'i wanna go down on my knees' is a highly inapropriate chorus for a gospel song...and especially if ur 3 jamaas on the track
Watu wanasema niko underground hawajui ni mining ninafanya
Im getting a bigger tv
And we have fake jamaicans here..
I saw @kaytrixx in the background hating on those rappers
Omar Mkunduwazi suits him now that he's going to jail..
Hehe huyu mjamaa ameumwa makende na nyani
I can't believe comedy club is the best thing they have to show us at this time..
'Have you ever felt like u were Bob Marley?'
Twitter addicts wote ni masenge
Ben Githae dances like those XYZ puppets.
@titonaci nko poa msee ni hii mvua huku tu
@titonaci vipi buda
Supernatural is whack afadhali true blood..
That mohammed mkunduwazi fella isn't a #Shujaa
I'll tweet about mashujaa day when im on that kush, it gets the rebel in me worked up..
Rastafari!
But im high these days you know?
The nigga within..
I prefer ugali choma to that kfc garbage they sell.
Basically tukiwa twitter and you tell someone they have a low IQ based on wordplay, your telling them you're a better rapper.
Judging a person's IQ by one's ability to play with words on twitter is weak.
Going aganist the system on the other hand is like jumping off a cliff and hoping u'll fly...
The system sometimes limits us from achieving our true potential....
I'm really starting to understand this 2030 shit.
Can't knock the struggle, i'll drink mnazi to that.
The best way to counter negative people is by ignoring them.
Ben githae lol ;#+*;-6 ok
Hehe i jus told mum i'm doing something very important on the phone:.
It smells like rain
Its raining! A perfectly good excuse to smoke..
Some people need a garbage disposal team for their mouth
I don't even think like that no more...
Everybody is confident till they get stabbed in the neck ....with a fork.
Bullshit can sometimes come in form of blinding light.
Rise above hate
We're actually evolving, into what exactly im not certain of
Qtv is a jua kali station.
Never let money be a reason to lower your standards, quality first money later.
She make me want to ice skate in that p****
Her mother's a goddess, her father is satan and she's a warthog...
Living this life like fwokit!
Na kuna macoach wengi wa EPL Kenya..
I missed watching true blood..season 5 twende!
Hehe i'm not losing any sleep.
'When i grow up i want to be arsenal!'
At one point in life kila msee huwa na ile 'me aganist the world'  mentality.
If women are our equals then show me a female Alexander the Great, Genghis Khan or  Caesar.
Men and women are equal....how?  Biologically this is incorrect.
During the day she's giving you commands and at night she gets ploughed by some nikka? Hawes niambia kitu
If she loves the D she can't be a leader.
Unless they're virgin nuns or some shit i will never accept women to rule me.
Hutu tudem twa Mombasa ni maringo tu..
Romney - Racist
Smokin by the beach like it was always meant to be....
again i say, mnazi is the shieet hehe!
@KingMorbid that tweet was meant for women who i don't like, i have three feet/legs etc
@Safri_mista why you're not gangstar is beyond me
laziness is like a bitch who doesn't give head.
@safri_mista si coz we felt like it..anyway mtwapa vipi?
@Safri_mista till Jan,  i'll obviously find you somewhere sniffing around in tao
Give me one reason i should eat carrots
Look! my foot! and its headed up ur ar*e.
Damn! That's the ugliest damsel in distress i've ever seen; on kiss TV...Kenyan filmakers need 'divine intervention'
@Safri_mista kwa hao
wow 'master sugu' all grown up on kiss TV ..he's bullying people for love this time.
i take back my last tweet, apparently he meant that he's buying mnazi..
WTF is 'mimi odinare msela ngwande na masimbi' ? fuck you pereka kiswahili hukooo
All my friends are fools, sijawahi ona watu wajinga ka nyinyi, atleast you have good bud.
@Safri_mista NAH tumefunga, where ya at?
Ako all over men! @OCTOPIZZO endelea IVO IVO.
I smell that green na sio pesa
@AllanYegon hehe hakuna kitu ka iyo
I spy with my big black eye  someone whose about to get knocked tha f*ck out.
this chinese movie is turning into kalongolongo
@AllanYegon ako tu sawa
@Safri_mista im in coasto fool
They never considered poor ricky rozay, the fat man is trying to gangstar rap to african beats..anyway he tried.
this onyinye song is wack and i hate it
@Safri_mista watu waliacha kukuita chai? hehe
@AllanYegon  nko coasto
Too many irrational thoughts, where's the nicotine?
Me a natty b*oy!
Sooner or later we all form our philosophy on life, please have big dreams.
I feel like im going to blow up at any moment, ye can't stop we.
I will shoot all of you internet gangsters with my BB gun.
'Satan hacked my account' - *#5492+*9
Bomboclaat! Hehehehe sorry
'We live on the edge nowadays to make that leap of faith press R2' - Ezio from Assassin' Creed lol
Im still here bitches, what?!
Einstein was more gangsta then all of you combined..
Small minds, limited thought, stupidity fail when it comes to the big picture.
'Hope is what pushes you to continue when all else is lost' - Pandora from God of War
Hehe tweeps really think twitter can change the world? Atleast they tried.
Niggas it's a revolution, people aren't dumb anymore.
@safri_mista hahaha bitch
Reading tweets while i'm high gives me the utmost joy, that which your little minds cannot understand.
Where are people leading each other on this tl? You are all dumb retarded fucks and i hope you pop like a zit one day.
You cant hold ambition in for long , sooner or later...
mnazi is the shiet lol
parents get mad when we ask for iphones yet expect us to answer all their questions regarding technology..
Ignorance and too much conservativeness may bite you in the a** 30 years from now
.Its always been like that though, in ancient  civillizations youths fought each other for these,today there's rap battles and cyphers.
Every young person today wants money, bitches and weed...and to be a celebrity.
...that explains why people who are high always want to jump off a balcony, they got the theory right but are too lazy to consider details
Pragmatism works better with a dose of THC in your system.
I think we need to recognize ourselves and our cultural identity in order to respect other cultures.
As much as we are all one people, we also need a sense of identity.
My worst fear is being like 'everybody else' and 'fitting in'.
NEver be afraid to be called weird..that's what pulls you away from mediocre minds/thinking.
Why rape kids? Jus go be a pornstar nshit.
At the end of the day i think we're all one people with a common origin.
My last tweet was a compliment.
Niggas are animals..
Small talk bores me, i'd  rather have delusions of grandeur..
im following new people, y'all are leading me to shit
I'm a jack of all trades, master of some.
@shaffieweru it's dead without a shell
A blunt before getting my hussle on, y'all need to understand the tricks of the trade...
kuchana tu? kuchana tu! kuchana tu!
This debate on ntv inatupeleka wapi?
If you think you're so cool you can go to hell.
I always see the big picture, details are the problem....so if i skip foreplay sometimes elewa tu.
@kolaboof what's with the hate? There's stupid africans and smart africans, we're not all the same.
now for the serious stuff
naona kuna maguys wanataka kulipwa ndio watweet
The problem with me is that im psycho, i try so hard not to stab someone with something
ok fine im not good at this social bullshit ,atleast i got a big D
goodness its a revolution! You know? Like going around in a circle.... Which will lead to the same place you started at, vectors
well played though teachers, perfect timing.
#ifhollywoodwasinkenya they would have already made a movie about alshabaab.
how many wish prezzo was stabbed for real in that fo sho video?
can someone show me an extremely confident bitch who isnt ugly?
@kelly_smilez hehe tufanye experiment uone?
I dont think there's anything wrong with anything,,as long as it gives you a sense of accomplishment and fulfillment its cool.
They kind of give me a sense of identity you know? Im African!
ok today im getting dreadlocks..
Twitter may be the shit but you wont get laid as much as FB people..#facts
Is it right to drink tea while the teabag is still in the cup?
My big bro can be hitler and mother teresa at the same damn time.
@samsenji coasto, kwanza tuma namba boss kuna mradi flani hapa
@samsenji niko area msee...ni gatheri nilikuwa nimedecide kupewa kwanza
@chelle_wamaitha hehe relax si unajua how my head works,,dm namba yako
we ni nini nyi watu na kunitafuta, si nilikua vacation
im back from the other side, Satan sends his regards.
Voodooseller ni vuvuzela iko na magic ama? @Voodooseller Cc:..  @KAYVOKFORCE @kimyamiyaki
@KAYVOKFORCE haha poa! ,like ur music tho ni avi nachukia...#namba8 #berrasfinest
You know some things require prayer, can I pray for you?
These guys are in an office and they're working together towards a common purpose...for some common reason...together..as one.
Bitch throw yo glasses away there's nothing wrong with your eyes...
Ever wondered what would happen if children were able to talk?....please tell me u'll understand this one.
Your being led down a bright shiny road to a very bright nowhere....
Ndio hio sasa RT @Alainesinga: A we seh walk round stadium wid flag pon back #lalalalalala
WhAtEVeR they're doing it's for play  RT @mbusih: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA “@Lizutd: This is turning into a gay parade now ,WTF??. #MufcBarca”
How? Is this normal thinking?  RT @miilkkk: nicki minaj looks like something you'd beat in a video game to get to the next level...
Haiya jaMaa hauna avi? RT @KAYVOKFORCE: ok, who tha F is who? me or my collegues? whats up? @warachiz @kimyamiyaki @voodooseller
You niggas just don't get the picture do you?
Your body and your mind are 2 different things but can be the same if you want.
If you have 2 pieces of shit and no glue what do you have?
Open your eyes niggas...fire...branch...fire spread...burn down grass...animal run away....tourist no come...no money for kids..die!
Your as predictable as basic math...always arriving at a definite answer...in a circle.
Nah i jus learn alot from being stupid RT @mSale_: Are you paid to be stupid?
Very smart yet extremely stupid RT @vanderwangwe: Ashley young kicks the ball where gravity can't find it.
Now where is this headed? RT @RamzZy_: SokoUgali &lt;&gt; Sokolova
We all know what this is....no?  RT @UnusuaIFacts: As a teenager, Tupac was a ballet dancer.
That's why I stick to one woman at a time.
Dumb dreaming RT @Funnyevil: When I hear "10 years ago" I think about the 90's, not 2002.
The men made that, must be kambas  RT @WildestLaws: In Massachusetts, a woman can not be on top in sexual activities.
Delusional Paranoid homos RT @WildestLaws: In Thailand, it is illegal to leave your house if you are not wearing underwear.
Rongai must be heaven, that's why its so far: and people will never reach it.
Plake ant Polt RT @sickolia_: A Kalenjin just said Blake and Bolt are Joking.I think he meant jogging.
Haha is that what you dreamt of becoming as a child? No wonder uko hivo.
Tha dummest sex joke someone has ever thought of RT @FUCKIPEDIA: My penis is like a gun, when I set it to 'semi' the pussy cums 'automatic'.
If a circle is so simple why don't you understand it?
Hahahaha RT @mmutheu: #HowtoSpotaKenyan they acquire mysterious accents when talking to foreigners.
Its 2012 and your twitter handle is @rihhanra
Enda ujimwagilie rexona RT @mSale_: How can we politely tell Wahu music is not her thing?
Obvious RT @RamzZy_: I think we got bored of singing the same song &amp; remixed it to make the game more interesting... "BrickyCHOO? Shooonde!"
Ugly bitch food gasta photoshop my nigga! RT @Y__U__NO: FOOD, Y U NO LOOK AS GOOD AS U DO ON THE MENU?
Frimpong is a chipo-mwitu name RT @Safri_mista: Why are you abusing our players like a twat? @warachiz frimpong amekufanya nini ?
Life is like a small intestine; full of folds,.......guess whose the shiet?
Trying to come up with a cure for cancer, maybe HIV? RT @titonaci: If you're not watching this game,I wonder what you're doing.
Bitches will always be stupid; because they're dogs! They have low IQs.
Go make it cum back like the faggot you are RT @Frimpong26AFC: Loyalty in football has gone....
I will find it and bring it back home
Who tha fuck are those? RT @KAYVOKFORCE: I will be perfoming alongside @voodooseller &amp; @kimyamiyaki this #Sato_11th
How can you be shit and mud at the same damn time!
I've been trying to draw pacman all day,came out like this.... e--!--
Fools always try to act grown up, true innocence is being childlike..
Me: Utado? 

Her: Ntakupiga na MeMe
If you can't take drugs your IQ is lower than it should be
Fuck you if you hate riddims indiscriminately.
I dedicate this day to angaliaring ma-avi Sa watu
Hai kwangu imekuja ramzZy na rick ross RT @JoeWMuchiri: The tweep below or above this Tweet has fucked an animal. #TeamBeastiality ndio zake
Lol RT @JoeWMuchiri: *Alai. RT @BabeGaza: Thats a lieRT @DopestChiQa: Maybe a boyfriend will make me reduce my alcohol consumption.
We wacha, iyo stuff ni tamu RT @titonaci: Eeww! RT @Rube_Mfalme: Miss eating roasted locusts
If you can't do any drugs and continue with normal life you're weak as fuck and should give up on life...
Miguu zake zote ni left RT @mikeztyme: What does this mean? RT @wanza_: You have lesbian legs.....
Fuck your opinion we dont care
Where are the bitches on this tl?  we need bitches on this tl..nkt
Apparently this happened yesterday and I've been talking to myself all along ...anyhow
Thailand wins
The Algerian is fighting tho
This Thai is going to take this one
The Thailand dude is fast waah
Round 2 twende
Haha knew it! this ongbak character is dangerous na vile ni kafupi
Thailand vs Algeria
Hehe this mwarabu atapigwa na the ongbak Guy #Olympics boxing
Safaricom can go fuck themselves...ni kuhama!
@kaytrixx ameamulia  
Return roadtrip! this one I'm getting stoned..designated driver @kaytrixx
Bhehe  RT @KingMorbid: Niggers who are chimneys @warachiz @czarger @kingmorbid
@titonaci maze nimeanza,kiutambi kinakuja
This random guy jus came and tapped me n said "dude you've eaten 17 boerwors!"....where am I?
On he highway to hallucinogeic land.. #whoooo
Im kidding tho drugs will fuck you up!
Im only on Twitter when I'm high
Looks like @mbusih is the new Pornhub
Shit! I knew I was psychotic.
I thought Belgians were geniuses for inventing French Fries until I saw the Minerva  Jeep they tried hawking to the world.
"The second most important fat guy in rap history, Ricky Rozay,is murdering me right now." - Big Mac
To watch? RT @titonaci: I never knew boxing was this fun.
I always wonder why I wasn't born Japanese:now I see *closes zip*
Eating noodles while you're high on weed makes you feel Chinese.
I'm hungry,someone make me a sandwich.
PMS RT @_LittleOreo: In a VERY irritable mood.. even people breathing is annoying me:-( I need Planet Yogurt!:-)
Im learning Japanese so I can be a samurai.
Sincerely what does this world want me to become,I'm evil enough already.
Hahaha! RT @AnnGhostface: As I die,this guy @le_Genius' responsible ati,"mbara ya ngiti kuingira muthigiti" LOOOOL!
"The average American nigga mo dumber then African niggas"-common sense
You know what 'normal' people are? Suckers! They're all suckers..bitch! If I know how you'll behave,then I can control your behavior.
People make assumptions and hold on to them like the truth,hamwoni nyi wote munabebwa ufala..your behavior was expected.
Must I do everything in a way 'normal' people will understand?..Do normal people understand Einstein? Or Da Vinci?
I need smarter people to share my ideas with,these muthaf***s jus don't understand.
I wish I could let the world know what was happening in my head,that talent is jus too much to contain...
Damn, Im too honest with people.
Hoes never change.
Damn; i got the blues.. RT @iTweetSexFacts: Losing interest in sex is a symtom of depression.
Guess only dumb people sleep like a baby RT @thegooglefact: Over thinking makes sleep impossible.
Smh,thas a primary reflex action RT @RamzZy_: Trying not to stare at chics with big booty when they walk away, failing. :-/
Life sometimes isn't jus a bitch, its a shemale with a foot long njwan'ga!
The walls tried to fall on me but they were afraid of heights....#deep
People with PhD's think they don't know anything but act like know it all's ati 'the more education you get the more humble you become'
'Cadmium deontological principles' wtf is that? Nigga! I jus want to know how to make cartoons.
Shit weather and a fucked up lecturer and they ask why we use what we use..
That guy sold me shit weed I'm going to get my money back!
Money makes people think they're smart.
Someone please hire me to fix the ozone layer
I need to find work,anyone know where I can get a job?
*proof RT @Mcgothic_: Boobs are what now?? "@iamkennoh: Boobs are prove that men can concentrate on two things at a tym"
And some people's libido RT @james_burnley: twitter killed my morals.
I'd ask for food from Twitter but y'all are fucked up, imagine if I said ' I don't know where my next meal is coming from'..?
Anaingia rap akitoka ni kama ni choo now he's the ishRT @DopestChiQa: Nas -bye baby.. this nigga aint holding back, dude got his flame back
#Np Bob marley- I shot the Sheriff
That's why i stick to marijuana RT @GhaflaKenya: Man Drinks Himself to Death! &gt; 
You know how people draw moustaches on photos? RT @ndinda_: Must stop sucking penIsEs at boardroom meetings. I am becoming....
3 mics maybe 4 RT @DopestChiQa: 2Chainz.
That Tweet should have ended there RT @cremedj: Ramsey Noah Hangs....
Hehe people is it too early to sound the cougar alert? But fuck it I'd give her mo than hugs  RT @KolaBoof: HUGS my love. :) :) :) @warachiz
Haha interesting lady this one ==&gt; @KolaBoof
Is it jus me or are people are smarter than they want us to think they are?
I'd do Kola Boof on the sink tho...
Politicians are smarter than the brainless oafs we think they are, wouldn't be suprised if I found out  Sonko was a genius.
During birth they yawned instead of crying? RT @RowwRow: Some people are born boring..
Sometimes I think people differ coz what makes sense to you doesn't make sense to another person..if we only had a way to communicate
Now you can guess what she wants RT @AvrilKenya: Hii baridi ya Nairobi leo sio ya kawaida jameni..
@__RamzZy__ seriously tho safcom made things extremely hard then relaxed them a little to make us feel comfortable
@mbusih what's so good about goats anyway?
@__RamzZy__ and common people are the majority so its possible to control people if you knew what to do...like safaricom are doing.
@__RamzZy__ I'm not saying they're not true, they make sense but common people would dismiss them...people hate thinking
We all want to be rich and capitalist but we don't like seeing one...
Now its when it strikes me that social media can be used to talk to people.
@ndinda_ googled him,capitalist pig ,he gives back to people tho.
@__RamzZy__ so your saying we are limited because the system has exposed us to ideas that limit us?
@__RamzZy__ I think with the right side of my brain this stuff isn't making sense.
@ndinda_ his second name goes sth like dangote sindio?
Are you a real goat?---&gt; @mbusih
These ugly warthog bitches next door thought I would do them,,that's illegal! How can I do animals?!
Imagine the shit angrybirds would say if they could talk.
Go wear a mask then I'll be your boyfriend! Shit!
Bitch you look like jet li's sparring partner! madent tu kila mahali and ati you want me to hit it!
Damn my neighbors think I'm gay coz I refused to shag one of them,, no I'm not gay I jus don't keep zoo animals in my house.
Wha? RT @MediaMK: Shorter muthurus for better githafu scores #RwathiaGirls
Fuck i favourited it RT @funnyorfact: RT this with your tongue. (No Cheating...)
Reaches mine and burns coz its hell RT @DopestChiQa: *Enters the Minds of you all*
#10reasonsshesnottheone if  she looks like @titonaci
Some females are revolting though, goodnight.
Go to sleep!
Is avi pronounced like A.V.I or like mavi?
@Siteiya that avi btw is cancer,killing me hehe
@cremedj he maybe that kamzee that tafunas mogoka everyday  outside your house
Im like the sandman only I chase people to sleep.
Wow it wasnt legal? RT @KattWiIlliams: Sometimes I forget that weed's illegal..
Does this man have a p*n*s or is he something else? Smh horror movies
Hehe what? RT @Siteiya: My diaaaaaaaaab.....yesss it is amazing! *walks away swinging it!!
Spekta mwala RT @crazynairobian: Vioja mahakamani RT @raxsboss Where can a person get good #criminology classes here in Kenya?
Hehe nigga doesnt understand he's one of them @Bamzigizigi RT @raidarmax: Where are all the haters Bamzigi sings about in all his music?
*in Tony Montana's voice* 'son never trust anyone named dimitri'
@Safri_mista shit nigga thas like an emotional outburst or some shyet Shiite...I'm high tho
@Kaytrixx poapoa Thanks
I'm so high I think Hillary Clinton is a woman.
Nkt RT @RealWizKhalifa: Omg I Puked So Fuccin Much Last Nite!!!
She still is tho deep inside..whatever
My ma was that kind of mama who walked in a room and lightning flashed
'I brobose a toast to kanicus' -doctore from Spartacus.
I have three extremely ugly females living next to me and they have caught my scent,shit!
@titonaci he once told me he was a tirektor
Money money money money money money money money
People still talk about spuds I thought they weren't relevant  RT @titonaci: Spurs are assembling a strong team.
#IfIhadagun
Nowadays starting death rumours seems to be the in thing,I wonder how much money they make?
@MediaMK yo what's this I'm hearing ati Will Smith is dead?
Wish u would STFU RT @GrandadJFreeman: I wish my phone never ran out of battery &amp; my fridge never ran out of food.
\_ RT @julieshee_: neighbor also told me my buttered buns were the best he ever had so how's about a muthafuggin' round of applause for me.
How many of your followers are actually real people?
Maze you guy u should hala bana about that biz RT @Kaytrixx: Back in Nairobi...weeeh, tired a good one...
Emotional males on twitter- this is like a support group for LV followers
Im not suprised the richest man in Asia is called Li KaShing....get it kashing-kaching-coins-money
Kula mafi RT @__RamzZy__: LMAO the arguments in the studio are on fire! Arsenal fans have caught feelings.
You nugu people dont make any sense RT @KingMorbid: A fool is one who argues with a mirror @warachiz: @KingMorbid smh fool
@KingMorbid smh fool
@KingMorbid ugly Muppit
@KingMorbid @nyakeri93 endeni mkakule shonde kwanza wewe Peter.
Sawa snoop Dogg  @KingMorbid @nyakeri93
You look tired would u like a seat?  RT @crazynairobian: YOLO for ghosts. You Only Levitate Once.
@KingMorbid @nyakeri93 @kingmorbid nyaks we ndio umejua its proven alcohol is more dangerous than weed
@KingMorbid you don't know what you're saying
@KingMorbid weed n chicken sausages
Coz imma voodoo child,yeah bebe imma voodoo child
Haha I'm somehwere on a roof and planes keep passing by every two minutes
#Np Purple haze- jimmi Hendrix
Still is a nugu artist though hehe
The moment all hyenas dreamt ofRT @CampMulla: Mad Birthday Love to the First lady of Camp Mulla who turns 18 today.18 till I die @MissKarun
@titonaci poapoa msee
@titonaci hao watu hawajakuandika kazi tuanze kukula pesa yako
@titonaci hehe hapo sijafkiria lakini
To confuse the MF terrorists RT @titonaci: Its ironical that the black box is usually orange in colour.
Hehe people joining Illuminati to get more followers........can we say that is #PrimitiveEnergy?
Pigwa miti RT @rihanna: #takeoff
Love hurts, well excuse me while I go w*nk this pain off.
Cheki Cheki Cheki.......pigwa miti
I hope you fall off a cliff and have a 20ft d*ck waiting for you at the bottom
@titonaci si wewe, hivyo ndio watu huitwa sku hizi
There's this nigga who thinks we were friends in high school and is stalking me #sh*t
Im on the Mary Jane Express to heaven
Mtu amesota kama Alai asiwahi niambia kitu
@Safri_mista that's when I'm getting laid
@Safri_mista its giving my brain wings!!
@Safri_mista Ayo nigga
Anyone know any pornstars I can follow?
Everything is so beautiful right now Im almost crying
This little blunt of mine I'm gonna let it buurn,this little blunt of mine I'm gonna let it burn
Usiambiwe kitu we jilipue RT @mbusih: Hehe yeah to your lungs RT @hutch_son: And again smoking is so cool
There's a very thin distinction between extremely smart people and extremely dumb people..we usually confuse the two
HahahaRT @__RamzZy__: ROTFL RT @sickolia_: Barclays wajaribu kuzingatia Upole.Walimulika Alai aje kwa TL hivi- 
Now to light myself a dooby...missed this purple haze ish
@Ltkhamis hehe @Kaytrixx ana lecture mingi bana
My best pickup line to date is 'kam hivi nkushow'...always works
Poa RT @JoeWMuchiri: LOL. RT @Bevealry: Ati women in dreadlocks and tattos don't get married¿¿
People cmon you just can't let nügü artistes think they run the industry
@Ltkhamis ah Lt jus the people I was looking for wanitupie kakitu hehe
If I'm shy it's coz yur UUGGLe
People think I'll never get money,I'm growing up bitches
It doesn't matter how dumb it is but if you do something nobody has ever done you will have an audience
@gracenjuguna oh the chicken! it got rolled over by a stone,
 I suck -_-
@MurrayVII it tried mating via Bluetooth with a blackberry
@gracenjuguna the angry bird or the ideot?
Fuck angry birds.... hehe not literally though
God of war is easier than angry birds
Woi angry bird wangu amekufa
It committed suicide RT @MurrayVII: @warachiz what happened to your idiot?
@titonaci ahh kimsee vipi bana!
Drat! My last angry bird!! *crosses fingers*
My ideos has stayed alive for 2hrs  today...we are moving forward
How to make a dirty shirt clean in 10 minutes #Yahooanswers #Google
Haina noma RT @BLizzie_: AM quitting twitter for my man. My man hates my life on twitter
Fernando Alonso hater? RT @titonaci: How she drives shows what type of a woman she is.
My past sexual experiences with my chick traumatize me; I'm haunted by the ghost of my girlfriend's nyap
@KingMorbid we umefyat
Wtf? RT @KingMorbid: I always drink,,bt nt alcohol,thts cheap...i drink distilled liquor.
Skae Hiiigh.. have you ever been to Mars?
Enda ukakule mavi RT @titonaci: RT @echenze: RT @Osonkoh: Kama siz ya size 8 mdogo anaitwa size 7. I expect bro ya kaytrix mdogo afanane
Warthogs are really fast by the way RT @piersmorgan: Milner playing as a forward is ridiculous. Seen faster warthogs.
Joy-Z-Rapper/pimp who operates in Sabina joy
Sio diamond? RT @viperdamus: The hardest thing in life isn't acquiring wisdom, it's trying to share that wisdom...
Pigwa miti RT @mbusih: Pungusa ulafi RT @Kahonge: Huyu jirani wangu ananitisha tisha na maharufu za chakula hehe now am hungry again
Maze ata mimi RT @BamzigiZigi: About to stuff me face with this food yo, dem #Munchies got me good. 
I jus killed niggas in paris instrumental...damn
Chilli peppers- can't stop
And salmon RT @florswaggle: Only dead fish can move against the current. #CitizenTVService
Safaricom is really fucking up my life now,this collymore bagha needs to walk
@titonaci capital hiki kimsee kitaniwahi ===&gt;  @kaytrixx
@titonaci maze hadi nafkiria kuspit mistari bana na nianzishe rocawear ingine huku
@titonaci haha hio ni lasma hakuna msee analipwa na kama huact we ndio unabeba camera
@titonaci Brare ehehe inakam
I'm told this nikka @kaytrixx is in dar,nikamie na mihogo bana
I was temporarily dead jus another intentional accident
Work, kush and orange juice #happysaturday bitches
Its ironical that kanye west made 'goldigger'
Hahaha RT @titonaci: 2k for Cleo?hapo mnagongwa live.guys pay 500 only to watch him.
My luhya neighbor thinks my smoker friend is gay coz 'anamwonanga na tuchipoxi twa mascara'
Riley Freeman, Walter- fringe, Sherlock Holmes  @RamzZy
I'm getting the shakes
Hoodrat mom to son: Ey Nigga get back down here and finish your marijuana! And go out and shoot some people today!
Knowing psychology can really open your eyes to how obvious and shallow majority of people on twitter are hehe sunk cost fallacy
I have this skinny funga that I'm hiding from my girlfriend she's a skeleton in my closet
Ok if children copy what their parents do I wonder why pastors sons are so fucked up
One mic &gt;hard knock life
It was running from hungry lunjes RT @vanderwangwe: What is a chicken doing crossing the road in the first place?
*tommorow* why tf am i in bangkok? RT @titonaci: Its pay day bitches <WHITE SMILING FACE>
Sossi is beef for broke people...aaand its today's  lunch
@nyakeri93 ufala
I hate it when these bitches try to make Justin bieber john Lennon
Ur not ugly ur jus negatively beautiful
Does living on bread alone make me a bad Christian or broke?
Friday the 13th #Nihayotukwasasa
Hii mimea @kaytrixx huchapa ni gani? Leo umekill show bana
Oh its jus safaricom who've come to take my money
My bullshit sense is tingling
All these bloggers out here wanting to be wahome mutahi (whispers)
If u ever want to die with laughter jus smoke weed with a mkale from rift valley
Sometimes you jus have to express yourself when you hear wack rappers...can't let ho niggaz get comfortable
Bums get the shakes when they don't get their daily dose of salted peanuts n TV
Ok on average Louie V cufflinks cost  Ksh24k.....hizo ni ideos tatu..lol
@Safri_mista its a filmmaker thing
Bernard Arnault is the real Louis Vuitton Don #Somethingyallshouldknow
The cinematography in Sherlock Holmes is nothing but sensational it gave me chills
@KingMorbid dm
Robert downing jr is an exceptional act
#Nw Sherlock Holmes:Game of shadows....
@KingMorbid ukikam hivi nai hala tuingie kismoking session bana
@KingMorbid can't die man slims give a person life
@KingMorbid I'm always hiigh man
Ladies and gentlemen the Future is here
Deliver me from brokeness and ho niggaz
Waambie bana RT @rickyrozay: Cant let ho niggaz get comfortable.
Imma bawse
Hehe RT @MadeaSim: Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, my name is Kony, and I took your baby
Half an ounce to the head @RealWizKhalifa
I'm slowly developing my imaginary girlfriend jus incase the power goes and the real one isn't here
Sembe RT @__RamzZy__: 6KG.. FTW
"I like how sometimes ur ass behaves like a fly that's about to pass out" if you ever wonder how gollum managed to get away from sheelob
The irony when the only thing that's keeping you from going insane is ur weed
I'm either high or it has been 17:44 for 10 mins
Haha u too old for this shit man RT @RobertAlai: #LilWayne drops #PushaT diss song. #Drake disses Pusha onstage 
Kenyan rugby is swimming in shite I heard it went down the drain
Hehe I swear some tweeps would rather get shagged up the rect*m than give up their phones
@titonaci naona ukiyumbayumba kwa tl
Lmfao 2/3 of my neighbor's face is his nose
Imagine if kplc were "The light of the world"
Haha ati Niggas in Germany smh ..some people are high today
I heard LV is now straight and is writing his autobiography called 'from boys to bitches'
Camp mulla should consider ghetto youth I think....i dont think thet can roll blunts while listening to addicted
Friday is like Monday for the grim reaper
@titonaci wawawa nyinyi kwisha chunga usipakwe BB bana
Its friday people are on a mission to f*** their lives up
@Chelle_wamaitha inakuaje sasa?
@Royceda59 nah no booze you chew khat?
@titonaci naskia huko kunakuaga na mafimen wengi
That place is messing with ur head bro RT @titonaci: Africa day.horses day.I keep learning new days
Sleep
The thing with YOLO and Safaricom is that they both fuck up your money...
Ni styro mpya ya kugoteana RT @Siteiya: RT @warachiz: 8====D poke..lol :) @Siteiya alalaaaa :) sasa mbona wanipoke...
Eh kwani anatweet na sign language RT @JoeWMuchiri: Y U HAVE 36,000,000 tweets anyway thanks to U my 100,000K tweets suddenly are
My libido was high so I thought if I could find a ladder I could bring it down
My libido was high so I thought if I could save up some money buy a plane I could bring it lower
Being a hater is gay coz it is one of the branches of dick riding
In fact imma hire twitter addicts and pay them in retweets....a followback for a rise in sales and a verified account for executives
Hawa watu hushinda twitter ni kama ni biashara yao
Inception RT @julieshee_: anyone know a good movie that'll make me sleep and never wake up again?
Hawaleti shangwe RT @vanderwangwe: Fat men in v-neck shirts will ruin cleavages for me.
@Chelle_wamaitha sema mbaibe
"Saa ju niko juu ya mimea si kuna vile unaeza kam hivi nikupe miti" #ghettopickuplines cc @DopestChiQa
I swear my last two tweets made sense in my head
Hehe ati "I'm twexy and I know it" #Hoesontwitter
Ok grammar nazis "com check me now" *Jamaican accent*
"Ok lemme get this straight one of your boobs doesn't want to go to school and the other can't sleep" my response when I asked about twins
"Ey I'm not sayin you a hoe but you more stuck to this brown shit than a fly", what I tried to explain to her today.
"Ok since it's ur first time I'll show you respect and have you in missionary"  #assholepickuplines
Wololo I remembered that chef lmao ati 'ekea huyu Mbiff'
That moment When something really Real happens and the boondocks theme starts playing in ur head
Shit man thas disgusting RT @iamlittlekevin: @warachiz .watch me..just watch me do me.
I'll start a speed dating agency for momos
Feeling accomplished today tho #mRDireKta
@iamlittlekevin utakufa boss amsha kichwa
Para RT @UncommonFacts: If you take your age,multiply it by 7, then multiply by 1443 the product repeats your age 3 times.
Someone stop meh before I start to rap
8====D poke..lol :) @Siteiya
*Brit accent* How da party a looks?
I see this nigga @iamlittlekevin on my tl he must be having an off night
""&gt;""&gt; this is the ninja code for puff puff pass
I tried and it worked RT @__RamzZy__: Dame mluhya ukitaka kumuingiza box muambie ye ni mhot kama chai ya Thermos mpya! #ProTip
Last thing we need is Jamaican English  grammar nazis
Bitch I can't speak English like Jamaicans imma normal fucking person
I must remember Jamaican tweeps ....Yo Yo mi affi smoke di ganja...@popcaanmusic
Being a porn n twitter addict is expensive coz safaricom are fucking up our money #agirljussaidthat
Me: Myself.
Her: Go fuck yourself.
Me: Already did.
Shit I think my last few tweets might have lost me my man card..now to get it back
So that's why they're always bored its coz they can't smoke   RT @UncommonFacts: Cats actually can't see what's under their own nose.
And I see a certain bff of mine on the tl
Hehe ufala RT @__RamzZy__: #DouchePickUpline Hey Sweetie, I look like an alien but I cum in piece... Bomoa nywele.
Humour, ice and everything vice....
Doobie Doobie! Doobie Doobie! Stoopid!! @OCTOPIZZO
Doobie Doobie! Doobie Doobie! Stoopid!! Ahaha @OCTOPIZZO
Leo nimekuwa @mbusih ju niko juu ya mimea ka ufala
Tetrahydrocannabinol is what I'm thinking #geektweet
1000WaysToDieInKenya live in ronga
Some niggas jus do stupid ish so that they can reach their fool potential
Ok so I've lied to myself that since class is at 8 and I'm ready lemme jus sleep a lil then I'll go
Too many fake profiles will make twitter boring
Accomplishing something is a great feeling but being high and accomplishing something is on a whole other level
Damn I passed exams really well....yeeeah now imma get high
@titonaci we ngoja nikishachapa mimea ndio appetite ikuje niko poa
@titonaci ata pia mi kuna vile nimedishi fiti leo nashuku ntaanza kunona soon
Sema tu nikusota nikutumie pesa RT @titonaci: Eating carrots like my eyesight depended on it.
Maze shit na nilikuwa nakula bana RT @JoeWMuchiri: PLEASE!! PLEASE!! DO NOT CLICK ON THIS nime ku warn!!  
Haha RT @MadeaSim: Hoes out here claiming they redbones when they darker than 11:59 pm
@artsim @Kaytrixx hii ni kama refinery kuambia chimney iache kutoa moshi
Made more money too RT @UncommonFacts: The filming of the movie 'Titanic' cost more than the Titanic itself!
Hahaha I just accidentally retweeted a tweet,favourited it,and zipped the tweep
Stima za ronga zikienda huwa hazina fare ya kurudi
Wacha izo RT @Kaytrixx: Ntakusema kwa mum... RT @warachiz: Shit I can't feel my face Wtf they put in this weed
@Safri_mista kuliendaje?
Shit I can't feel my face Wtf they put in this weed
Ati sijui if God wanted you to smoke he would have made u a chimney...bitch if it were like that they'd be a pit latrine on your face
@Safri_mista hii life ni hard
@Safri_mista nigga
I really need to stop tweeting this random shit people will start thinking I'm high
On me level 24/7
#NP Krazy-Tupac ......
Hehe my last tweet was retarded tho
SHIT- Sonko's Hooligans In Tao
They should make an acronym for the word SHIT
That wtf moment when u get stoned and wake up next to a girl who looks like Smeagol from lord of the rings.
being both a twitter and drug addict is expensive coz safaricom are smoking our money
One of the scariest moments of my life has to be a few seconds ago when I almost accidentally retweeted some emotional shit
Robben's hairline backed up faster than those Sabina joy mamas
I was jus wondering watu wa #halamadrid walienda wapi?
@Pwetynat without salt lol
@titonaci maze na vile munchies zimenileta bana
Watu wa Chelsea kazeni haga  
Eating ngima and tomato sauce at this difficult time...
African entertainment is the future
@titonaci moshi ni crucial
Thas the spirit RT @titonaci: I saw somewhere next week its tobacco week or something of the sort.irregardless,I'll smoke to that.
Stay kushed
