Brady and NFL prepare to battle over 'Deflategate' suspension: (Recasts, adds Wells' remarks) By Steve Ginsbur... 
Wilfried Bony says Man City players want 'legend' Yaya Toure to stay: Wilfried Bony said everyone at Mancheste... 
Gareth Bale must stop complaining and find his best form on the pitch: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe responds to Gareth B... 
GM halts factory in southern Brazil amid shipping standoff: General Motors Co said it suspended production at ... 
Bayern win, Barca go through: Bayern Munich fought back from 2-1 down win 3-2 on the night but the damage had ... 
Brady probe author lashes 'ridiculous' criticism: The lead investigator of the NFL report into the "Deflategat... 
Benzema, Kroos in squad to face Juventus: ESPN FC's Martin Ainstein previews Real Madrid's second-leg semifina... 
Patriots get set to prepare for rare stint without Brady: (Reuters) - The New England Patriots drafted quarter... 
Bayern Munich-Barcelona: live analysis:  
Juventus entrust Paul Pogba and Carlos Tevez to keep Madrid at bay: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses the ... 
Suspects arrested in shooting near California college campus: (Reuters) - Two men have been arrested on suspic... 
Edinson Cavani is the man to lead PSG's line -- if they can keep him: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Alexis Nunes ... 
The mystery of Jose Mourinho's lack of Manager of the Month awards: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea's... 
Gareth Bale's agent criticised by Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has hit... 
Against Real Madrid, Juventus will rely on defence from front to back: The ESPN FC team discuss the big pictur... 
UCL showcases how midfield has changed: Sergio Busquets, Andrea Pirlo, Xabi Alonso and Toni Kroos are all diff... 
Marouane Fellaini the best option in Wayne Rooney's absence: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal praised his... 
What next for Kevin-Prince Boateng after ignominious Schalke exit?: Schalke have clarified an initial club sta... 
Radamel Falcao 'unhappy' with his bit-part role at Man United, says mother: Radamel Falcao's mother has told C... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins FWA Footballer of the Year award: Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard has won the Footba... 
Was Arsenal's identical selection simply too much of a good thing?: Arsenal's ten match Premier League unbeate... 
Liverpool held Memphis Depay talks with PSV Eindhoven - Marcel Brands: Liverpool were interested in signing PS... 
Mexico's Copa America squad selection clarifies Herrera's intentions: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes a... 
Palmeiras' Jorge Valdivia banned two matches for calling refs 'thieves': SAO PAULO -- A Brazilian sports tribu... 
In Boston, both fans and foes divided over 'Deflategate' decision: By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - Hunc... 
'Tom Terrific' Brady squeaky clean no more: Overlooked as a college quarterback and a lowly sixth-round draft ... 
Factbox: List of high-profile sporting bans and fines: (Reuters) - The NFL suspended New England Patriots quar... 
Now is the time for Real Madrid to transition from the Iker Casillas era: Carlo Ancelotti admits Real Madrid's... 
Juventus inform Man City, PSG and Barca that Paul Pogba will cost €100m: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in rega... 
Agent for Brady says Patriots quarterback will appeal suspension: (Reuters) - New England Patriots quarterback... 
Arsene Wenger annoyed by Swansea's single-minded defending: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger was left frustrated ... 
Barcelona must avoid complacency vs. Bayern Munich to reach UCL Final: The ESPN FC panel discuss the big ask o... 
NFL suspends Brady four games for 'Deflategate,' fines Patriots: The National Football League lowered the hamm... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Hernanes' flip apology: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Hernanes' back-flip... 
Patriots' Brady suspended four games over 'Deflategate': The NFL on Monday suspended New England Patriots quar... 
Manchester City's Aguero hails new diet for healthier 2014-15 campaign: Sergio Aguero has revealed the new die... 
Lukasz Fabianski happy with clean sheet in his return to Emirates Stadium: Man of the match Lukasz Fabianski a... 
Swansea win at Arsenal: Arsenal had all the possession and all the chances but Swansea took all three points w... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez charged in 2013 shooting of witness: BOSTON (Reuters) - Former New England Patriots play... 
Pep Guardiola retains Bayern Munich's faith despite recent difficulties: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiol... 
Can Bayern comeback vs. Barcelona? Are Real Madrid still favourites?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michal... 
NYCFC's David Villa 'frustrated' after being substituted against Red Bulls: New York City FC star David Villa ... 
Can Bayern turn it around in second leg?: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Janusz Michallik believe Bayern Munich is... 
Many Manchester United links among Real Madrid and Juventus' squads: Gabriele Marcotti believes the return of ... 
Samir Handanovic may leave Inter for Champions League side, says Mancini: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini ad... 
Man City remember title glory but a year on, Pellegrini needs a boost: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini ... 
New York Red Bulls defeat NYCFC and Columbus, Seattle put on a show: In the inaugural Hudson River derby it wa... 
Bayern vs. Barcelona, Real Madrid vs. Juventus - semifinals preview: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
D.C. United hold firm atop the MLS Power Rankings, Galaxy in free fall: Dom Dwyer scored an equaliser for Spor... 
Humble Lion take a 1-1 draw from tough trip to Arnett Gardens: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Dan Thomas preview t... 
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola dismisses Manchester City speculation: Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola has d... 
Ajax issue Hamburg captain Rafael van der Vaart contract ultimatum: Ajax have an issued an ultimatum to Hambur... 
Barcelona close on La Liga title as Real Madrid slip at home to Valencia: Goals from Neymar and Pedro propelle... 
Guarani among scrapping underdogs in Copa Libertadores knockout rounds: Paraguay side Guarani have a commandin... 
Bayern Munich owe Pep Guardiola a performance against Barcelona: Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is well aware ... 
Steven Gerrard critical of Chelsea fans despite standing ovation: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard had a dig a... 
Burnley go down fighting, QPR wilt: Burnley may have been relegated over the weekend, but all season they foug... 
Atlas await Chivas in the 2015 Liga MX Clausura playoff quarterfinals: Jose Manuel de la Torre has dragged Chi... 
Can Hull City avoid relegation?: The ESPN FC panel talk about the Premier League's relegation race, and believ... 
Arsenal can win Premier League without adding to defence - Wenger: Arsene Wenger believes he has solved Arsena... 
Team of the Weekend: Week 36: The ESPN FC crew react to the Premier League team of week 36, highlighted by an ... 
Man City to make Paul Pogba the highest paid midfielder in the world?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti speaks in regard... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: With quarterback Tom Brady expected to hear from the NFL this week about... 
Tired Everton limping towards the summer with reinforcements needed: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first g... 
Chelsea 1-1 Liverpool: Gerrard equaliser:  
Sampdoria keep up European push, Atalanta's relegation boost: Midfielder Roberto Soriano struck twice as Sampd... 
Ajax players celebrate Mother's Day in style with pregame accompaniment: With Mother's Day falling on the seco... 
Man City hit six as Sergio Aguero hat trick relegates QPR: Manchester City left Vincent Kompany and Yaya Toure... 
Ruben Loftus-Cheek gets first Chelsea start against Liverpool: Jose Mourinho confirmed in the matchday program... 
Fernando Torres rescues Atletico Madrid in Levante draw: Atletico Madrid had to come from behind twice to draw... 
Can QPR avoid relegation?: Queens Park Rangers travel to second placed Man City knowing that a defeat or draw ... 
Liguilla qualification just the beginning for Gustavo Matosas' Club America: Club America coach Gustavo Matosa... 
Eden Hazard: Didier Drogba convinced me to join Chelsea in 2012: Eden Hazard has revealed that Didier Drogba w... 
How 'Korean Gerrard' became Swansea star and Liverpool target Ki: It would not be a surprise if South Korea mi... 
Leones Negros relegated from Liga MX, Puebla ensure survival: Leones Negros have been relegated from Mexico's ... 
AS Roma lead the race to sign Liverpool's Glen Johnson, sources say: Roma are leading the race to sign Liverpo... 
Manchester City's move for Kevin De Bruyne gathering pace: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross Dyer share their th... 
'Difficult' for Real Madrid to catch Barcelona now - Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has ad... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Signs indicate NFL commissioner Roger Goodell is ready to announce next ... 
Jose Mourinho rules out Ferguson and Wenger-esque stay at Chelsea: Jose Mourinho has suggested it will be impo... 
Milan pick up morale-boosting victory over Roma: Milan snapped their five-match winless streak with Saturday's... 
Bale and Isco among few bring spots in Real Madrid's disappointing draw: Real Madrid's La Liga title hopes wer... 
De Gea, Mata and Young inspire Manchester United's hard-fought win: Manchester United's victory at Crystal Pal... 
Bundesliga: Bayern lose, Dortmund win, Gladbach out for top three: Augsburg kept their Europa League hopes ali... 
Marouane Fellaini scores late winner as Man United beat Crystal Palace: Maroune Fellaini scored an 77th-minute... 
Barcelona beat Real Sociedad thanks to goals from Neymar and Pedro: Barcelona moved one step closer to winning... 
Arnett Gardens ready for big Humble Lions semifinal clash: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Dan Thomas preview the R... 
Bayern Munich flat across the board in home loss to Augsburg: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good a man... 
Stoke hammer 10-man Tottenham as UCL hopes disappear: Tottenham's Champions League hopes were extinguished in ... 
Burnley relegated as Hull are plunged deep into relegation trouble: Danny Ings ended his goal drought as Burnl... 
Dick Advocaat gives Sunderland lifeline by beating Everton: Sunderland striker Danny Graham's first goal for t... 
A-League: Sydney FC set up final date after win over Adelaide United: SYDNEY -- Captain Alex Brosque scored go... 
For Liverpool, consolation and pride is all there is to play for against Chelsea: The ESPN FC panel discuss Ma... 
The resurrection of "Chepo" de la Torre at Chivas as hard work reaps rewards: Chepo has turned things around a... 
U.S. sports rank most homophobic among six English-speaking countries: survey: By Alex Dobuzinskis LOS ANGELES... 
Manchester City have failed to build on dramatic win over QPR in 2012: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Manc... 
Diego Forlan: Uruguay must cope with Luis Suarez's absence at Copa America: Uruguay must accept Luis Suarez's ... 
Quarterback Winston files counterclaim against rape accuser: (Reuters) - Heisman-winning quarterback Jameis Wi... 
Real Madrid must regroup vs. Valencia to keep their La Liga title hopes alive: After a Champions League loss t... 
Bayern Munich must use Augsburg match to get back on track: The ESPN FC panel discuss exactly how good of a ma... 
PSG's thumping of Guingamp may have put Ligue 1 out of Lyon's reach: PSG manager Laurent Blanc believes Marco ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: May 8 (The Sports Xchange) - Dante Fowler, the third pick in the 2015 NF... 
Even with 'Deflategate,' the Brady brand may hold up to pressure: At perhaps the most difficult time in his st... 
Manchester City can rival Barcelona within the next five years - Pellegrini: Manuel Pellegrini believes Manche... 
Jaguars' top pick Fowler hurts knee, may be loss for season: (Reuters) - Pass rusher Dante Fowler Jr., the Jac... 
Mandzukic and Torres' Atletico future could be under pressure: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why he does... 
Louis van Gaal yet to convert Man United possession into points: Sunderland breathe new life under Dick Advoca... 
Ex-NFL player Stevens, Solo's husband, sentenced to jail for drunken driving: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Former N... 
Allegri has instilled Champions League confidence at Juventus: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri was pleas... 
Everton's European dilemma front and center in Premier League's final weeks: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Ross D... 
Will FIFA's new passport eligibility rules have the desired effect?: Will the new rules avoid future situation... 
Jose Mourinho could field a young Chelsea side in Gerrard farewell: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho credits Stev... 
Miguel Herrera goes to Disney World: Mexico head coach Miguel Herrera jokes around with Mickey Mouse at Disney... 
Jose Mourinho wanted Steven Gerrard at Real Madrid and Inter Milan: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho has said he tried ... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: The ESPN FC crew debate which league can be... 
Premier League, La Liga or another -- which league is harder to win?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Hunter: Messi raises his own bar vs. Bayern:  
Man United's Michael Carrick sidelined for remainder of campaign: Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick... 
Liverpool didn't want Memphis Depay - Brendan Rodgers: LIVERPOOL -- Brendan Rodgers insists that he was never ... 
Arsene Wenger optimistic Theo Walcott will extend Arsenal deal: LONDON -- Arsene Wenger said he is confident T... 
Danny Rose blossoming into strong left-back option in Spurs defence: Tottenham coach Mauricio Pochettino has b... 
Napoli president De Laurentiis: Dnipro had six referees on their side: Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis ... 
Manchester United top list of Premier League's greatest champions: FC TV's Craig Burley believes Jose Mourinho... 
Carlos Sanchez winner puts River Plate past Boca Juniors in Copa Libertadores: A Carlos Sanchez penalty with 1... 
Giggs and Rooney must motivate Manchester United against Palace: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Lo... 
Policeman, ex-policeman detained in Corinthians fans group murders: SAO PAULO -- Authorities say a policeman a... 
Patriots' Brady says Super Bowl win not tainted by 'Deflategate': By Ted Siefer SALEM, Massachusetts (Reuters)... 
PSG can't slip up vs. Guingamp as title defence hangs in balance: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc has praised his... 
Brady says Super Bowl win not tainted by 'Deflategate': New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady insisted th... 
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS QUARTERBACK TOM BRADY SAYS SUPER BOWL NOT TAINTED OVER 'DEFLATEGATE':  
Daniel Sturridge may miss start of Premier League season after surgery: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is ... 
Nicol: Depay is the next Hazard:  
Dirty tricks not new to NFL teams seeking winning edge: From the shocking findings of the New Orleans Saints "... 
Defending champ Sevilla take 3-0 advantage in Europa League semifinal: Sevilla remain firmly on course to reta... 
Cavs apologize for 'insensitive' domestic violence video: (Reuters) - The National Basketball Association's Cl... 
Late Dnipro goal hands Napoli disappointing home draw: Napoli have it all to do to reach the Europa League fin... 
Messi still not better than Maradona, says Tottenham boss Pochettino: Lionel Messi is still to convince Totten... 
Gareth Bale must step up for Real Madrid in crucial run-in: The ESPN FC panel assess Real Madrid's loss agains... 
Pep Guardiola failed at trying to beat Barcelona at their own game: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas ... 
Critics urge NFL to throw book at Brady for 'Deflategate': Criticism mounted Thursday against New England Patr... 
PSV greats back Depay to deliver at Man United: Phillip Cocu, Frank Arnesen and Heurelho Gomes all believe Mem... 
Agent for Patriots QB Brady says NFL's 'Deflategate' probe flawed: The agent for New England Patriots quarterb... 
Arsenal's Aaron Ramsey, Danny Welbeck may miss Swansea clash: Aaron Ramsey and Danny Welbeck are both doubts f... 
Norwich, Middlesbrough, Brentford, Ipswich aiming for Prem promotion: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop says manager Eddi... 
Agent for Patriots' Brady says NFL's 'Deflategate' probe was flawed: The agent for New England Patriots quarte... 
Paulo Dybala won't play for Palermo again this season ahead of likely sale: Paulo Dybala is set to miss Palerm... 
Spain's LFP plans legal action to block federation's proposed La Liga strike: The Spanish football league (LFP... 
Adidas under fire from investors despite recovery signs: Adidas shareholders took aim at the management of the... 
Arsenal register Morgan Schneiderlin interest with Southampton - sources: Arsenal have made their first moves ... 
St Mirren fans vote Under-8s player as their Player of the Year: St Mirren Fans Vote Academy Player Recovering... 
NFL-Reaction bubbles up to deflategate report: (Fixes typo in 17th par) By Larry Fine May 6 (Reuters) - Reacti... 
Lionel Messi 'brutal' as Barcelona batter Bayern - media: Moments of brilliance from Lionel Messi and Neymar d... 
Medhi Benatia: Bayern Munich can still eliminate Barcelona with 4-0 win: Bayern Munich defender Medhi Benatia ... 
Serial winner Mourinho puts Rodgers to shame with tactics and trophies: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer w... 
Scoreline disappoints Guardiola: Bayern Munich head coach Pep Guardiola admits the 3-0 scoreline at Barcelona ... 
NFL 'Deflategate' taints 'Tom Terrific': The suggestion that New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady was aw... 
Henry runs out of superlatives after Leo Messi's Barca-Bayern masterclass: Ex-Barcelona striker Thierry Henry ... 
Does Falcao have one more shot at Man United redemption?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Ashley Young'... 
Manchester United plot Hummels, Gundogan move, Pogba says no to PSG: Jurgen Klopp's departure from Dortmund ma... 
Reaction bubbles up to deflategate report: Reaction to Wednesday's release of the long-awaited report on the "... 
Bayern Munich better than 3-0 scoreline in UCL loss vs. Barcelona: Moments of brilliance from Lionel Messi and... 
How They Scored: Messi's masterclass: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Dan Thomas break down how Lionel Messi wa... 
The sports world reacts to Messi's brilliance:  
Marcotti: Guardiola was being too clever: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti believes Pep Guardiola had major absentees ag... 
Magical Messi beats Bayern:  
Arsenal need a new captain - here's some potential options: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is delighted... 
Barca 3-0 Bayern: Messi magic in victory:  
Players, not Inzaghi, need to prove they deserve to remain at AC Milan: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses the c... 
La Liga to be suspended by Spanish FA over government interference: The&amp;nbsp;Spanish Football Federation (RFEF... 
NFL says Patriots probably deflated the balls in AFC title game: The New England Patriots probably deliberatel... 
Patriots probably deflated balls, Brady 'generally aware': NFL probe: New England Patriots star Tom Brady was ... 
FA told Graham Taylor to limit black players for England, book claims: The Football Association attempted to l... 
Real Madrid top list of most valuable clubs for third straight year - Forbes: Real Madrid have retained their ... 
New contract for Jose Mourinho would spell long-term success for Chelsea: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer... 
Real Madrid escape beating at Juventus with hope of progress - media: Carlos Tevez's second half penalty prove... 
Gareth Bale gave Madrid 'absolutely nothing' at Juventus - Roy Keane: Gareth Bale's anonymous performance mean... 
History means nothing in the Barcelona vs. Bayern Munich duel: The ESPN FC team discuss Robert Lewandowski's m... 
Predicting Miguel Herrera's Mexico squad for the 2015 Gold Cup: Javier Hernandez has been getting playing time... 
Latest draftees could benefit from new-age concussion test: By Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - The 2015 NFL Dr... 
Emmanuel Adebayor opens up about his complicated personal life: Tottenham striker Emmanuel Adebayor has given ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Seattle Seahawks head coach Pete Carroll said the franchise was comforta... 
Ramos and Carvajal miscues hand advantage to Juventus: Our football gurus discuss whether or not Carlo Ancelot... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Real tactics predictable?: Our football gurus discuss whether or not Carlo Ancelotti's tac... 
Carlo Ancelotti confident Real Madrid can still get past Juventus: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said he w... 
Latest draftees could benefit from new-age concussion test: By Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - The 2015 NFL Dr... 
Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge declares hip surgery a success: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge says he ... 
NFL-Latest draftees could benefit from new-age concussion test: By Larry Fine NEW YORK, May 5 (Reuters) - The ... 
Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich must attack Barcelona to beat them: Pep Guardiola insisted he was "here to wi... 
Jose Mourinho in line for new Chelsea contract after winning title: Jose Mourinho is to be rewarded for guidin... 
The differences between Guardiola's Barcelona vs. Guardiola's Bayern: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the ... 
Lionel Messi voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for April: Barcelona trio Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar ... 
Jack Wilshere should look to emulate Aaron Ramsey's Arsenal career: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer discu... 
Adidas begins marathon turnaround in North America: German sportswear company Adidas turned around its sales i... 
TV crew arrested after filming World Cup sites in Qatar: Members of a German television crew were arrested and... 
Aliko Dangote: Five things to know about Nigerian keen on Arsenal: Aliko Dangote could become the first Africa... 
Man City can't afford to sell Sergio Aguero, he's too important: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini is ... 
Marseille release Marcelo Bielsa merchandise: t-shirts and a scarf: Marcelo Bielsa is an interesting character... 
Juve-Real Madrid; Barcelona-Bayern: Champions League predicted XIs: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
The Relegation Scrap: Premier League battle going down to the wire: Newcastle manager John Carver makes it cle... 
The future stars of the four Champions League semifinalists: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti spoke ahead of ... 
Home-grown Alessandro Florenzi is fast becoming Roma's new hero: In this weekend's Serie A action, Juventus wo... 
Didier Drogba deserves new contract at Chelsea, John Terry says: Didier Drogba deserves a new contract at Chel... 
Jose's odd interest in Rickie Lambert, United's Hummels move on the rocks: Former PSV sporting director Frank ... 
Bayern Munich hope to overcome injury woe against Barcelona in UCL: Take a By The Numbers look ahead of the Ch... 
Allegri utilising a bold approach for Juventus against Real: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner believes Juventus are bein... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Former LSU offensive lineman La'el Collins was interviewed by Louisiana ... 
Eden Hazard can be as good as Messi; Mourinho 'a touch of magic' - Fabregas: Cesc Fabregas is in a perfect pos... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 35: Christian Benteke bagged a brace to lead Aston Villa past Everton.

Ma... 
Arsenal pile the pressure on Hull: Arsenal still have much to prove but had enough class in Alexis Sanchez and... 
Arsenal add to Hull's woe: Two goals from Alexis Sanchez and one from Aaron Ramsey in the first half helped Ar... 
Lionel Messi or Cristiano Ronaldo -- who is more important to their team?: The age old debate continues as the... 
LIVE Boot Room chat: Premier League:  
Mariner: Morata gets a chance at payback: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Ross Dyer discuss the injuries and reunio... 
Man United's sudden swoon opens the Champions League door for Liverpool: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol does not feel L... 
Real Madrid stay in touch: Before the Champions League semifinals, Cristiano Ronaldo's hat trick ensured Real ... 
John Terry: Chelsea title success marks start of a new era: John Terry believes Chelsea's first Premier League... 
Can Guardiola upset Barca? Four talking points in UCL quarterfinals: The ESPN FC crew respond to your tweets i... 
Chelsea solid but not spectacular: In recent Premier League campaigns, we've been treated to some outstanding ... 
D.C. United top MLS Power Rankings, Seattle and New England also climb: Relive the best moments from week 10 t... 
Real Madrid leave Karim Benzema out of squad to face Juventus: Real Madrid have left Karim Benzema off their C... 
Barcelona hit eight, Real Madrid keep pace - Five things learned from La Liga: The ESPN FC team continue their... 
Bayern's Robert Lewandowski faces fight to be fit for Barcelona clash: Bayern Munich have said they will not p... 
Pep Guardiola faces biggest challenge yet against former club Barcelona: The ESPN FC crew give their take on t... 
The tactical keys to Chelsea's Premier League-winning campaign: Jose Mourinho lauded his Chelsea players for t... 
Moreno: Barca's quality transcends borders: The ESPN FC team continue their debate whether or not La Liga or t... 
Boca Juniors' questionable advantage over River Plate in the Libertadores: Boca Juniors coach Rodolfo Arruabar... 
Blues brothers close the deal: Call Chelsea's wire-to-wire Premier League title run what you will, excellence ... 
Is David De Gea ready to extend his Manchester United contract?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley analyses Lukas Podolsk... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The Buffalo Bills' quarterback competition is in full swing, and has bee... 
Vasco da Gama, Santos, Atletico Mineiro and Inter win state titles: SAO PAULO -- Striker Gilberto scored in se... 
Blaise Matuidi shines for Paris Saint-Germain in Zlatan Ibrahimovic's return: Laurent Blanc sings the praises ... 
WATCH: Terry and Chelsea celebrate title: John Terry and his Chelsea teammates celebrate their Premier League ... 
Talking Points: Chelsea repeat, Liverpool-Man United, Serie A second: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusses Chelsea... 
Valencia strengthen hold on Champions League spot with 3-1 win: Valencia eased their way to a 3-1 win at home ... 
Vindication for Max Allegri as Juventus claim fourth consecutive Italian title: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts ... 
Tottenham show resilience against Man City despite losing 1-0: A fantastic finish from Sergio Aguero saw gave ... 
Traore nets winner as Borussia Monchengladbach reclaim third: Borussia Monchengladbach moved back up to third ... 
How Mourinho shaped Chelsea's title win: Chelsea are the Premier League champions again and the changes and ch... 
Jose Mourinho glad Chelsea's title win did not come in 'easier' division: LONDON -- Jose Mourinho said his Pre... 
Soccer-Italy and Spain revive idea of overseas "39th game": By Mike Collett DEAD SEA, Jordan, May 3 (Reuters) ... 
Ranking Jose Mourinho's league titles with Chelsea, Porto, Inter, Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Craig Burley discusse... 
Seydou Doumbia on target as Roma go second with win vs. Geona: Roma climbed to second place in the Serie A tab... 
Rakitic, Busquets and Iniesta providing perfect platform for Barcelona: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps Barcel... 
Alvaro Negredo: I was not homesick at Man City; Pellegrini lost faith in me: Alvaro Negredo insists he left Ma... 
Royal baby's support sought by PSG after princess is born: In non-football news that was near-impossible to av... 
Louis van Gaal says he is not God after Man United defeat to West Brom: Louis van Gaal said he has felt powerl... 
Pep Guardiola happy with Bayern Munich despite Leverkusen loss: Pep Guardiola said he was "very satisfied" wit... 
Coach Anthony Hudson charting a new attacking course for New Zealand: New Zealand coach Anthony Hudson wants h... 
Tigres march into Liga MX top spot after crucial Chivas victory: Goals from Enrique Esqueda, left, and Gerardo... 
Deportivo La Coruna in a familiar fight against relegation in La Liga: Deportivo La Coruna named former first-... 
Hollywood royalty ready for fighters to rumble: By Mark Lamport-Stokes LAS VEGAS (Reuters) - With security bee... 
Barcelona target Ander Herrera and Hector Bellerin in January transfer raid: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Chelsea still need a 'couple of players' in transfer window, says Jose Mourinho: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: In the NFL draft, it is not when you go but where, and new Green Bay Pac... 
Alexandre Lacazette returns Lyon to Ligue 1 summit overnight: Lyon kept their Ligue 1 title bid going while Ev... 
Ronaldo's scoring and Casillas' saving leads Real over Sevilla: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer reviews Real Madrid's 3-2 ... 
Ronaldo keeps Real in title race: Cristiano Ronaldo's hat-trick gave Real Madrid a 3-2 win at Sevilla, snappin... 
Barcelona score eight at Cordoba; Cristiano Ronaldo records hat trick: Luis Suarez scored his first hat trick ... 
Team effort takes Juve past Sampdoria and to Serie A title: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts to Juventus claiming... 
Atletico Madrid robbed of three points from Athletic's visit to the Calderon: Antoine Griezmann scored one of ... 
Coutinho stars as Gerrard goes from villain to hero for Liverpool vs. QPR: Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers hail... 
Robin van Persie misses penalty as Man United fall to West Brom: Manchester United lost 1-0 at home to West Br... 
Steven Gerrard is an irreplaceable talent, says Brendan Rodgers: Brendan Rodgers saluted Steven Gerrard as an ... 
Luis Suarez hits hat trick as Barcelona score eight to relegate Cordoba: Luis Suarez scored his first hat tric... 
Christian Benteke double secures Aston Villa win over Everton: Christian Benteke's brace inspired Aston Villa ... 
Mike Williamson red card looked deliberate - Newcastle's John Carver: Newcastle boss John Carver accused Mike ... 
Borussia Dortmund would sell Ilkay Gundogan to Bayern Munich: Borussia Dortmund sporting director Michael Zorc... 
Leicester ease to victory over nine-man Newcastle: Leicester City eased to a 3-0 victory over nine-man Newcast... 
Lambert given Liverpool chance vs. QPR: Liverpool need to beat QPR to keep their faint top-four hopes alive, b... 
LIVE GameCast: Leicester vs. Newcastle:  
Jose Mourinho's title drought weighs heavier than Chelsea boss admits: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho responds ... 
Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca dies after battle with cancer: Rio Ferdinand's wife Rebecca has died after a shor... 
Floyd Mayweather's opponent Manny Pacquiao supports Arsenal - Ian Wright: The whole of the sporting world is t... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge happy to recover from injury in United States: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The Tampa Bay Buccaneers already have signed number one overall pick Jam... 
Fernando Torres' reemergence could be crucial for Atletico Madrid: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone ha... 
Worst Premier League transfers in 2014-15:  
Andre-Pierre Gignac brace moves Marseille up to fourth: Andre-Pierre Gignac netted a brace as Marseille ended ... 
Real Madrid's La Liga challenge could hinge on winning at Sevilla: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth gives you his betting... 
Pogba's potential PSG arrival would be a coup but issues would still remain: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Janusz ... 
Everton's recent form built on John Stones, Phil Jagielka partnership: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Steve Ni... 
David Beckham's many hairstyles: David Beckham turns 40 on Saturday so, to wish him a happy birthday, ESPN FC ... 
Pep Guardiola's Barcelona return will not be met with universal welcome: For the first time since leaving the ... 
Brazilian championship set to suffer again due to a crowded calendar: Cruzeiro won their fourth title last sea... 
Silvio Berlusconi sets meeting with AC Milan's prospective buyer - reports: A final decision over the proposed... 
Premier League team news: All the latest injuries and suspensions: Will Chelsea deploy Petr Cech on the halfwa... 
Fragile champions Manchester City to be dethroned before trip to Tottenham: The ESPN FC panel assess whether o... 
Wayne Rooney fit to face West Brom despite knee injury: Wayne Rooney has been passed fit to play for Mancheste... 
Should Rodgers or Klopp manage Liverpool next season?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but what do you thi... 
Frank Lampard's extended Manchester City stay has proved to be a disaster: Manchester City midfielder Frank La... 
Jimmy Carter: still causing a storm in his fight for women: By Lisa Anderson NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundat... 
Brendan Rodgers defends Liverpool's transfer committee: LIVERPOOL -- Brendan Rodgers has defended Liverpool's ... 
Barcelona call for Liga transfer pardon; Real, Atletico bans would see 'collapse': Barcelona's transfer spokes... 
Premier League fantasy Team of the Month for April: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson reveals his top players to pick f... 
Can Rodgers survive the axe at Liverpool?:  
McIlroy, Spieth advance at WGC Match Play: By Ben Everill SAN FRANCISCO, California (Reuters) - SAN FRANCISCO,... 
Ex-Man United star David Beckham should never receive knighthood - poll: David Beckham, former England captain... 
Barca must keep Luis Enrique regardless of outcome in treble chase: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique insists La Li... 
Liverpool star Daniel Sturridge could undergo surgery - reports: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge has travel... 
Man United not willing to get involved in Hugo Lloris price war - sources: Manchester United fear Tottenham wi... 
NFL-Selections in the first round of the NFL Draft: April 30 (Reuters) - Selections in Thursday's first round ... 
Golf-McIlroy, Spieth advance at WGC Match Play: (Adds later details) By Ben Everill SAN FRANCISCO, California,... 
Scandal-tainted Winston top pick in NFL draft: Scandal-tainted college football star Jameis Winston was handed... 
McIlroy sets up do-or-die Match Play clash with Horschel: By Ben Everill SAN FRANCISCO, California (Reuters) -... 
Golf-McIlroy sets up do-or-die Match Play clash with Horschel: By Ben Everill SAN FRANCISCO, California, April... 
Bucs takes Winston with first overall pick in NFL Draft: CHICAGO (Reuters) - Quarterback Jameis Winston was se... 
Bale linked to Man United again, Sterling and Benteke to move?: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Steve Nicol wei... 
Leciester boss Nigel Pearson denies that he is a bully: Nigel Pearson denied he is a bully after his latest ou... 
Role of Under-21 side greatly shapes Van Gaal's senior squad: The ESPN FC crew review Everton's comfortable 3-... 
What are Chicharito's club options this summer?: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancelotti has hinted that he mig... 
Chelsea use blend of old and new guard to near title: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho says his side have proved ... 
Real Madrid move closer to Barcelona as Bayern Munich slip back: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Barcel... 
Gundogan to leave Borussia Dortmund: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Steve Nicol weigh in on Ilkay Gundogan's d... 
The Premier League's five best players outside clubs chasing European places: The ESPN FC crew discuss the clu... 
Money, not magic, needed for MLS to surpass Liga MX in CONCACAF: ESPN FC's Leon Lecanda discusses Club America... 
Leicester's Nigel Pearson says sorry to journalist for 'ostrich' comment: Leicester manager Nigel Pearson has ... 
Depay, Benzema and Benteke a few targets for Liverpool to consider: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers has star... 
Andrey Arshavin, Anatoly Tymoshchuk set for Zenit exits: MOSCOW -- Zenit St Petersburg are set to release Andr... 
Robert Lewandowski fitness boost for Bayern Munich ahead of Barcelona tie: Bayern Munich are confident injured... 
Aaron Ramsey situation gives Arsene Wenger plenty to ponder: ESPN FC's Craig Burley reacts to Arsenal fans' cl... 
As you were in the race for the title - Five things learned from La Liga: Barcelona head coach Luis Enrique be... 
Man United's Adnan Januzaj being monitored by Everton - sources: Everton would be expected to lead the bidding... 
Messi, Suarez and Neymar shine but Barcelona boosted by collective: The ESPN FC panel respond to your tweets o... 
AC Milan coach Fiippo Inzaghi 'carrying on,' awaits decision over his future: Filippo Inzaghi is refusing to r... 
Premier League clubs record overall profit after financial fair play - report: Fifteen of the Premier League's... 
Wolfsburg secure DFB Pokal final spot over proud Arminia Bielefeld: VfL Wolfsburg will face Borussia Dortmund ... 
Pippo Inzaghi and Silvio Berlusconi edge closer to the AC Milan exit doors: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses t... 
Gustavo Matosas and Club America hit all the high notes in CCL finals win: Club America celebrate their first ... 
Club America deserved CCL title, but Montreal have plenty to be proud of: Dario Benedetto, left, scored a hat ... 
Character questions not benching Winston in NFL draft: By Letitia Stein TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - In a test of s... 
Paris Saint-Germain persist in Angel Di Maria hunt, Spurs to sell Erik Lamela?: The ESPN FC team analyse how C... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: LSU offensive lineman La'el Collins, a possible first-round pick Thursda... 
Nigel Pearson launches bizarre 'ostrich' tirade after Chelsea loss: Still fuming after Leicester City's 3-1 ho... 
Palmeiras fan dies from injuries suffered in brutal postgame attack: SAO PAULO -- A Palmeiras fan has died fro... 
Ander Herrera proving his worth at the heart of Manchester United's midfield: Former Manchester United striker... 
Juventus one point away from Scudetto, Milan lose to Genoa: Juventus recovered to beat fierce rivals Fiorentin... 
NFL draft picks briefed on domestic violence, sex crimes: All of the 28 prospects attending the draft in Chica... 
Real Madrid beat Almeria, Sevilla see off Eibar: Real Madrid kept up the pressure on Primera Division leaders ... 
James Rodriguez scores stunning goal as Real Madrid beat Almeria: Real Madrid kept up the pressure on Primera ... 
LIVE: Prem, La Liga, DFB Pokal updates:  
Euphoria sets in on Borussia Dortmund upon advancing to German Cup final: The ESPN FC crew react to Borussia D... 
Prince Ali, Figo, Van Praag vs. Blatter: FIFA candidates on home straight: Asian Football Confederation leader... 
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger: I have mellowed since 'firebomb' days: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has said he w... 
Silvio Berlusconi will only sell AC Milan to benefit club - Adriano Galliani: AC Milan will only be sold if th... 
Thiago Silva: Javier Pastore more vital to PSG than Zlatan Ibrahimovic: Javier Pastore is more important to Pa... 
BATE captain almost wiped out by cheerleader: Spare a thought for BATE Borisov captain Dzmitry Likhtarovich, w... 
Arsenal winning Champions League less important than pride - Ivan Gazidis: Making Arsenal fans proud is more i... 
Southampton hope Nathaniel Clyne will snub Man United to sign new deal: Southampton executive director Les Ree... 
Andre Villas-Boas preventing Zenit from realising potential: Zenit St Petersburg manager Andre Villas Boas cri... 
Liverpool need marquee signings, squad 'playing for futures' - Rodgers: Brendan Rodgers claims Liverpool must ... 
Away leg win over Universitario de Sucre sets Tigres up well in the Copa: Tigres are looking increasingly dang... 
Martin Odegaard call-up for Real Madrid is next step in his progression: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti spo... 
Real Madrid face pressure over Javier Hernandez, Yannick Bolasie in demand: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancel... 
Bayern slip-up in German Cup against Dortmund for first time since 2012: Borussia Dortmund reached the DFB Pok... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The New York Jets were hit with a $100,000 tampering fine from the NFL f... 
Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez each score twice in Barcelona's rout of Getafe: Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez both sc... 
Arjen Robben hurt in Bayern's loss, Robert Lewandowski concussed: Bayern Munich stars Arjen Robben, Robert Lew... 
Dortmund reach cup final after Bayern miss all four penalties in shootout: Borussia Dortmund reached the DFB P... 
Dolphins flop Jordan facing season-long drug ban: Miami Dolphins defensive end Dion Jordan is to be suspended ... 
Luis Enrique and Ancelotti among Liga managers with uncertain futures: Luis Enrique's Barcelona face Getafe on... 
National Football League says it will give up its tax-exempt status: By Steve Ginsburg WASHINGTON (Reuters) - ... 
Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez star as Barcelona hammer Getafe: Barcelona were at their brilliant best on Tuesda... 
WATCH: Montero's bicycle-kick goal: This was the first of his Fredy Montero's two goals during his Sporting's ... 
Dolphins' Jordan banned one year for doping: report: (Reuters) - Miami Dolphins pass rusher Dion Jordan will b... 
Barca aim to extend Liga lead: Luis Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi have scored 66 league goals between them i... 
NFL-Dolphins' Jordan banned one year for doping-report: Miami Dolphins pass rusher Dion Jordan will be suspend... 
Chelsea's style contrasts recent Premier League winners but is not new: Craig Burley has his say on accusation... 
Bournemouth reach Premier League promised land against all the odds: The ESPN FC crew respond to Bournemouth's... 
Martin Odegaard could make Real Madrid debut against Almeria: Real Madrid teenager Martin Odegaard could make ... 
Schalke won't end Gazprom deal despite EU attack on Russian company: Schalke could prolong their relationship ... 
Man Utd looking beyond De Gea?: Many would understand if David De Gea left Man Utd for Real Madrid this summer... 
Messi-esque goal by blind player:  
Fan makes his girlfriend sit an Arsenal exam: She passes!: Lucky 'The Professor' Arsene Wenger wasn't marking ... 
Belarusian player taken out by cheerleader:  
The story of Germany's legendary 1984 DFB-Pokal semifinals: Despite clinching their third successive Bundeslig... 
Man City to offer £30 million for Jack Wilshere, Bebe's return to England: Manchester City are literally chasi... 
Olivier Giroud: Arsenal will never change approach: Arsenal striker Olivier Giroud has insisted his team will ... 
Paris Saint-Germain can seize control of Ligue 1 title race by beating Metz: Laurent Blanc's players were in a... 
Chicharito stay would be a win-win for Real Madrid: Real Madrid manager Carlo Ancelotti has praised Chicharito... 
Valencia vanquish Granada, return to Champions League place: Valencia got their bid for Champions League footb... 
Roma losing grip on Champions League place after loss to Inter: Mauro Icardi celebrates scoring the match-winn... 
Patrice Bernier and Montreal Impact focus on making CONCACAF history: ESPN FC's Taylor Twellman is joined by f... 
John Terry the real player of the year for Chelsea: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho breaks down the stats trying... 
Man United's defeat at Everton was a reminder of the work to be done: The ESPN FC crew review Everton's comfor... 
Arsenal show progress despite failing to beat Chelsea once again: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says his side ... 
Pep Guardiola relishing last 'fight' with Jurgen Klopp as Dortmund coach: Pep Guardiola says he is looking for... 
Liverpool must beat Hull to keep up chase for top four spot: The ESPN FC team review Liverpool's continued run... 
Man United's Chicharito: Only God knows if I will make Real Madrid move: Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez admits ... 
Can Hazard rival Messi and Ronaldo?: Chelsea's Eden Hazard is the Premier League's best player but can he reac... 
Man City stagnation hits home in season of underachievement: Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini reacted to... 
Gary Neville slams Man United's performance in defeat at Everton: Gary Neville has described Manchetser United... 
Watford's Premier League promotion: Five things to know about the club: Watford took charge of the race for pr... 
AC Milan in 'delicate moment' as Thai businessman arrives for takeover talks: The mooted sale of AC Milan has ... 
Steven Gerrard, Frank Lampard get PFA merit awards for stellar careers: Former England midfielders Steven Gerr... 
Tottenham striker Harry Kane named PFA Young Player of the Year: Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has been... 
Is Eden Hazard a top-five player in the world?:  
NFL-National Football League roundup: New York Giants quarterback Eli Manning, in the final year of his contra... 
Chicharito powers Real Madrid to win for second time in a week: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno breaks down Real Ma... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard wins PFA Player of the Year, Kane wins Young POTY: Chelsea winger Eden Hazard has won th... 
Real Madrid keep pressure on Barca; Sevilla rise above Valencia for UCL spot: Real Madrid responded to Barcelo... 
Wenger's Arsenal still unable to match benchmark set by Mourinho's Chelsea: Chelsea went 10 points clear atop ... 
Monaco retain third place in Ligue 1 with convincing defeat of Lens: Yannick Carrasco's clinical 36th-minute o... 
Man United's confidence once again takes a battering at Goodison Park: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down Ever... 
Arsenal, Chelsea ends scoreless: Chelsea took another step towards the Premier League title with an eventful 0... 
Partizan-Red Star riots leave at least 50 injured, 40 arrested: BELGRADE, Serbia -- Authorities say at least 5... 
Man United suffer second straight setback as Everton cruise to 3-0 win: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Kevin Mirallas... 
Aston Villa lose at Manchester City but plenty to admire in cruel 3-2 defeat: Substitute Fernandinho struck a ... 
Live ESPN FC chat: Premier League:  
Chelsea dominate as PFA announces Premier League Team of the Year: Chelsea have six representatives in the PFA... 
Man City star Yaya Toure to undergo scan on hamstring injury: Yaya Toure is expected to undergo a scan on his ... 
Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti plays down Isco comments, backs Chicharito: Carlo Ancelotti has played down Isco... 
No Ilkay Gundogan agreement with Man United - Dortmund's Michael Zorc: Borussia Dortmund sporting director Mic... 
How Michael Laudrup helped Lekhwiya win the Qatar league 'better': Michael Laudrup took Lekhwiya to the Qatar ... 
Bayern win, nearly secure title: Bayern Munich inched closer to the Bundesliga title with a 1-0 win at home to... 
Premier League's best court Gareth Bale, more on Memphis Depay's future: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti delves deeper ... 
Pastore orchestrates PSG's dominating performance: The ESPN FC crew discuss the latest power rankings which se... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Mark Sanchez is not concerned about Tim ... 
Premier League Gallery: Best of Matchday 34:  
Inter pull off late win against Roma through Mauro Icardi goal: Mauro Icardi's 17th goal of the season took In... 
PSG thrash Lille to go three points clear, Metz and Bastia still in trouble: Ezequiel Lavezzi scored a hat tri... 
Schweinsteiger stars to put Bayern on cusp of title: Bayern Munich legend Jean-Marie Pfaff says Bayern must be... 
Mediocre AC Milan's unbeaten streak comes to an end at Udinese: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reviews Juventus' march... 
Griezmann finds his form as Atletico sweep to victory vs. Elche: Antoine Griezmann took his season tally to 22... 
Man City win calamitous affair: There were errors aplenty at the Etihad on Saturday, but it was Manchester Cit... 
Real Madrid must be wary of avoiding another hiccup at Celta: Despite scoring the winner against Atletico Madr... 
Lovren's assured performance a bright spot for Liverpool vs. WBA: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol believes if Liverpool ... 
Focus carries Barcelona to derby win at Espanyol: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson breaks down Barcelona's 2-0 win in ... 
Watford seal promotion to Premier League after victory at Brighton: #INSERT type:image caption:Watford players... 
Southampton prove they've moved on from Pochettino in draw vs. Tottenham: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Nacer Chadli... 
LIVE GameCast: Espanyol vs. Barcelona:  
Tottenham battle back to hold Southampton despite Pelle brace: Tottenham remain one point ahead of Southampton... 
Liverpool's Steven Gerrard to make 500th Premier League appearance: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard will make... 
Pochettino makes Southampton return: Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino returns to Southampton as the battle f... 
Marouane Fellaini thought he would leave Manchester United: Marouane Fellaini said he expected to leave Manche... 
Arsenal vs. Chelsea: Five questions in advance of the Premier League clash: Will Chelsea deploy Petr Cech on t... 
Arsene Wenger: Arsenal could not have afforded Eden Hazard: Arsene Wenger has "no big regrets" over Arsenal's ... 
Bayern and Barcelona Champions League rivalry has new twist: Barcelona head coach Luis Enrique says their Cham... 
Barcelona have tough test vs. nothing-to-lose Espanyol in Catalan derby: The ESPN FC crew talk about the La Li... 
Brazilian forward Jobson banned four years for alleged refusal of doping test: RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazilian str... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: NFL commissioner Roger Goodell said presentations this week by two stadi... 
Atletico Madrid's players still have plenty to prove to Diego Simeone: The ESPN FC panel weigh in on whether o... 
Marseille lose eight-goal thriller to Jordan Ayew and Lorient: Lorient climbed clear of the Ligue 1 relegation... 
Liverpool hold secret Memphis Depay talks, Spurs chase Andriy Yarmolenko: Memphis Depay is in-form and in-dema... 
Louis van Gaal worried over De Gea contract delay, won't rule out exit: Louis van Gaal has admitted he is worr... 
David Moyes' dismal run as Man United manager resulted in positive changes: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol questions if... 
Who will go through?:  
Liverpool must play as if West Brom was the most vital game of the season: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers t... 
Marouane Fellaini struggled with Man United pressure - David Moyes: David Moyes has said Marouane Fellaini suf... 
Lawyer in NFL concussion deal says an appeal would be 'selfish': By Steve Ginsburg WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A ma... 
Jose Mourinho vs. Arsene Wenger: Chelsea vs. Arsenal: P12, W7, D5, L0: Chelsea visit Arsenal on Sunday bidding... 
Ex-NFL player, husband of Hope Solo, pleads to California drunken driving charges: Former National Football Le... 
Real Madrid 'rebuff' Chelsea bid for Raphael Varane and Gareth Bale: ESPN FC's Brian McBride, Alejandro Moreno... 
Raheem Sterling says Liverpool contract criticism not a distraction: Raheem Sterling insists he has not been a... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The Super Bowl champion New England Patriots, minus quarterback Tom Brad... 
Lawyer in NFL concussion deal says an appeal would be 'selfish': By Steve Ginsburg WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A ma... 
Lawyer in NFL concussion deal says an appeal would be 'selfish': By Steve Ginsburg WASHINGTON, April 23 (Reute... 
Obama teases Patriots over 'deflategate': NFL champions the New England Patriots got a barbed welcome to the W... 
Sevilla, Napoli, Fiorentina and Dnipro advance to Europa League semifinals: Sevilla progressed to the semifina... 
Fantasy preview: Week 34: The season's heaviest schedule has four teams playing two games in the week: Hull, L... 
Ex-Zenit player Brian Idowu alleges discrimination: Club froze me out: MOSCOW -- A former Zenit St. Petersburg... 
Schneiderlin's extended Southampton stay has been mutually beneficial: Morgan Schneiderlin should be one of Ar... 
Borussia Dortmund have the chance to send Jurgen Klopp off with a bang: Borussia Dortmund defender Sokratis Pa... 
Should Chicharito have celebrated with Ronaldo immediately?:  
Juventus want Paulo Dybala and Edinson Cavani but rule out Falcao: Juventus are keen to sign Paulo Dybala and ... 
How much will Arsenal miss Fabregas upon his return to the Emirates?: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop is at odds as to ... 
Montreal Impact tough out draw against the odds at America in CCL: America's Oribe Peralta saved his club from... 
Montreal Impact draw with America CONCACAF Champs Lge final first leg: MEXICO CITY -- Oribe Peralta scored in ... 
Branislav Ivanovic linked with Bayern Munich, Nainggolan with Liverpool: Branislav Ivanovic has been a staple ... 
NFL concussion settlement approved by US judge: An American judge on Wednesday approved of a revised settlemen... 
Emotional night for Chicharito: Javier Hernandez wrote himself into Real Madrid folklore with a winning goal, ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been suspended 10 games with... 
Chicharito nets the winner, but Sergio Ramos the real hero for Real Madrid: The ESPN FC crew react to both Rea... 
Greg Hardy banned for 10 games: Hardy will also not receive a paycheck during the ban, which stems from domest... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Chicharito's revival?: The ESPN FC panel answer your tweets on the best defense among the ... 
Jan Oblak superb but Arda Turan, Saul, Tiago poor as Atletico lose to Real: Football can be such a cruel sport... 
El Tri veterans Hernandez and Guardado are on the up: Real Madrid's Javier "Chicharito" Hernandez scores the g... 
Cowboys' Hardy suspended 10 games without pay: (Reuters) - Dallas Cowboys defensive end Greg Hardy has been su... 
National Football League concussion settlement gets final approval: (Reuters) - A federal judge gave final app... 
NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE CONCUSSION SETTLEMENT GETS FINAL APPROVAL -NEW YORK TIMES:  
The five greatest moments of Cuauhtemoc Blanco's storied career: ESPN FC's Brian McBride, Alejandro Moreno and... 
Mother of ex-NFL star's murder victim to pursue civil suit: The mother of the semiprofessional football player... 
Mother of ex-NFL star's murder victim to pursue civil suit: The mother of the semiprofessional football player... 
Schalke and Dortmund not Sami Khedira's only options - Horst Heldt: Real Madrid midfielder Sami Khedira has "q... 
Zidane keeping an eye on Chelsea's Hazard alongside Ronaldo and Messi: Real Madrid Castilla boss Zinedine Zida... 
Los Angeles suburb votes to approve NFL stadium plan: By Daina Beth Solomon LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Lawmakers ... 
Hong Kong puts electoral reform package to legislature: The Hong Kong government unveiled a long-awaited elect... 
Los Angeles suburb to vote on NFL stadium plan: By Daina Beth Solomon LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A Los Angeles su... 
Louis van Gaal tees up 2015-16 with new deal for Chris Smalling: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol questions if Chris Smal... 
Stephen Keshi signs new contract as Nigeria coach: ABUJA, Nigeria -- The Nigerian Football Federation says Ste... 
Danny Welbeck missed his chance to displace Olivier Giroud: A fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in ... 
Antoine Griezmann, Fernando Torres both content in different Atletico roles: Atletico Madrid striker Antoine G... 
Juventus stand to gain more than a semifinal with a win at Monaco: The ESPN FC team discuss the second legs of... 
PSV Eindhoven win Dutch title but face summer exodus, football's sad reality: Thousands of PSV Eindhoven suppo... 
Man City's Yaya Toure praises PSG and Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini: Yaya Toure has cast doubt on his futu... 
Hartlepool United's fight to avoid ruin at the very bottom of English football: Much maligned since joining th... 
Bayern duo Ribery, Bernat miss train ahead of crucial UCL clash vs. Porto: Juan Bernat and Franck Ribery misse... 
Football still more than just a game at St. Pauli: Bayern's march towards the Bundesliga title took another st... 
Atalanta loss leaves AS Roma in a familiar mess: Atalanta's German Denis netted his spot-kick, ensuring that R... 
Tebow signs contract with NFL's Philadelphia Eagles: Tim Tebow, who hasn't played in the National Football Lea... 
Brendan Rodgers ready to show 10 Liverpool players the door?: As Liverpool limp towards the end of a disappoin... 
Jordan Henderson set to sign 5-year deal with Liverpool, sources say: Liverpool vice-captain Jordan Henderson ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The Philadelphia Eagles signed quarterback Tim Tebow, more than two year... 
Midfield there for Atletico Madrid's taking in visit to Bernabeu: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Alexis Nunes disc... 
Doug Buffone, longtime linebacker for NFL's Chicago Bears, dies: (Reuters) - Doug Buffone, a linebacker who pl... 
Yaya Toure is still among world's best midfielders, says Man City's Fernando: Fernando has come to Yaya Toure'... 
Ibrahimovic and Verratti returns offer PSG hope in return leg: Barcelona boss Luis Enrique is fully aware of t... 
Arsenal overcome Wembley nerves to set up FA Cup final with Aston Villa: A fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam... 
Growing Sanchez-Ozil partnership a good sign for Arsenal: A fumble from Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in ex... 
Chelsea do it Mourinho's way: Chelsea go substance over style in beating Man United on Saturday and while neut... 
Bayern Munich's home form gives confidence of comeback versus Porto: Philipp Lahm and Thomas Muller of Bayern ... 
Luis Suarez dispelled Barcelona doubts - Luis Enrique: Barcelona&amp;nbsp;had "a few doubts" about Luis Suarez upo... 
Pep Guardiola: My future is certainly at Bayern Munich next season: Pep Guardiola has said it is to be expecte... 
The Champions League is still football's most elusive prize: The ESPN FC team discuss the second legs of the C... 
MLS Power Rankings: NYRB continue to impress, Sounders on the up: Relive the best moments from week 7 in Major... 
Paris Saint-Germain captain Thiago Silva ruled out of UCL trip to Barcelona: Paris Saint-Germain captain Thiag... 
David Silva avoids cheekbone fracture after Cheikhou Kouyate elbow: David Silva escaped a serious injury as Ma... 
Chelsea defend deep to beat Man Utd; Mourinho's Van Gaal blueprint: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho still does n... 
Brendan Rodgers: Liverpool lack 'courage and bravery' in big matches: Liverpool's players will need to learn f... 
Football idols Zidane and Ronaldo team up in UN Ebola fundraiser - TRFN: By Kieran Guilbert LONDON (Thomson Re... 
Yaya Toure: I love playing for Manchester City: Yaya Toure has said he has been hurt by criticism over his for... 
Sherwood has the last laugh: Tim Sherwood has always been seen as a figure of fun, but after a weekend where L... 
Tebow to sign contract with NFL's Philadelphia Eagles: media: Tim Tebow, who hasn't played in the National Foo... 
Rodgers wants Man United discard Falcao to solve Liverpool's woes?: The ESPN FC panel answer your tweets on Br... 
Tebow in line for surprise return at Philadelphia: (Reuters) - Tim Tebow is set to make a surprise return to t... 
NFL-Tebow in line for surprise return at Philadelphia: Tim Tebow is set to make a surprise return to the NFL a... 
Soccer idols Zidane and Ronaldo team up in U.N. Ebola fundraiser: By Kieran Guilbert LONDON (Thomson Reuters F... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Quarterback Tim Tebow, more than two years removed from his last NFL act... 
Aston Villa's FA Cup dream becoming reality as they book place in the final: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth recaps Asto... 
Drab derby draw shows major need for improvement in Milan midfield: Suso and Milan were unable to muster much ... 
AC Milan, Inter Milan draw; Roma miss chance to go second: Fallen giants Inter Milan and AC Milan remain mired... 
Diego Mainz scores both in 1-1 Sevilla draw; Rayo Vallecano practically safe: Defender Diego Mainz scored at b... 
Wembley belongs to Villa as Sherwood's game plan beats Liverpool: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth recaps Aston Villa's c... 
Tottenham rediscover attacking mojo in win at Newcastle: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Nacer Chadli goal (30') Newca... 
Coutinho the lone bright spot in Liverpool's FA Cup exit: There will be no fairytale ending for Steven Gerrard... 
Sunderland fly banner over Newcastle during their league game vs. Spurs: We never thought we'd say this, but s... 
Tuchel the right man to bring new ideas to Borussia Dortmund: Former Mainz head coach Thomas Tuchel will repla... 
Eden Hazard revels after scoring winner for Chelsea against Man United: Eden Hazard was thrilled to rise to th... 
Juve ease past Lazio to warm up for Champions League decider vs. Monaco: Juventus eased past Lazio on Saturday... 
Chelsea target Yoshinori Muto a uni graduate who must study his options: Jose Mourinho refused to comment on w... 
Borussia Dortmund name Thomas Tuchel as successor to Jurgen Klopp: Former Mainz boss Thomas Tuchel will replac... 
Luka Modric ruled out for six weeks for Real Madrid with knee injury: Real Madrid midfielder Luka Modric is se... 
Yaya Toure's agent brands Maunuel Pellegrini 'weak' and slams bosses: Yaya Toure's agent has called Manchester... 
Inter Milan planning move for  Stoke keeper Asmir Begovic,  sources say: Inter Milan are lining up a move for ... 
Ronaldinho's Queretaro sends Club America back to the drawing board: Brazilian legend Ronaldinho put Club Amer... 
Borussia Dortmund fans pay tribute to Jurgen Klopp in win over Paderborn: Borussia Dortmund responded to this ... 
Arsenal, Man City target Real Madrid's Isco to spearhead Premier League tilt: Inter Milan head coach Roberto M... 
Javier Pastore's double carries a subpar PSG past OGC Nice: Paris Saint-Germain manager Laurent Blanc explains... 
Chelsea 1-0 Man United: Hazard dazzles:  
NFL-National Football League roundup: San Francisco 49ers outside linebacker Aldon Smith appears to be motivat... 
Falcao hinders an otherwise solid Man United performance vs. Chelsea: Chelsea have one hand on the Premier Lea... 
Bayern Munich back on track with win, Dortmund beat Paderborn: Bayern Munich moved a step closer to the Bundes... 
City need a big performance against West Ham to save Pellegrini: ESPN FC's Craig Burley sounds off on the Manc... 
Barcelona vs. Valencia, Arsenal vs. Reading, Chelsea vs. Man Utd - Boot Room live: (function(d, s, id) {var 
Barcelona need Messi, Neymar and Suarez for max points vs. Valencia: The ESPN FC panel answer your tweets on t... 
Chelsea plan to use Oscar as makeweight in £60m Paul Pogba deal: Chelsea midfielder Oscar says he is happy at ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel issued a statement Friday, a... 
Nantes and Serge Gakpe deal Marseille's Ligue 1 hopes a blow: Marseille's Champions League aspirations suffere... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's Ligue 1 ban reduced from four matches to three: Paris Saint-Germain striker Zlatan Ibrahi... 
Can Man United spark a Premier League title race by beating Chelsea?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but ... 
Star quarterback Winston's lawyer calls Florida rape suit a 'stunt': A lawyer for college football star quarte... 
David De Gea has helped Man Utd salvage their season, so must be kept: Will this weekend's installment of the ... 
Man City captain Vincent Kompany could miss rest of season - Pellegrini: MANCHESTER -- Manchester City are uns... 
David De Gea would be wrong to swap United adulation for Madrid circus: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe indicates a return ... 
PFA Player of the Year: The contenders: The Professional Footballers' Association player of the Year award has... 
Premier League fantasy - dealing with the blank FA Cup weekend: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson highlights his top fa... 
Liverpool's Daniel Sturridge likely to miss FA Cup semifinal - reports: Daniel Sturridge is unlikely to be fit... 
Death of former NFL player's cellmate ruled homicide: newspaper: (Reuters) - A California coroner has ruled th... 
Chelsea have chance for a statement win against in-form Manchester United: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth gives you his... 
Yaya Toure to resist Man City exit, Pedro leaving Barcelona for Inter Milan: Craig Burley says Manchester City... 
Rape accuser sues quarterback Winston before NFL draft: By Letitia Stein TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - College footb... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson will be reinstated by the... 
Arsene Wenger makes no promises on Arsenal's long-term No. 1 goalkeeper: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has eve... 
Vikings rusher Peterson reinstated by commissioner: Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson, who was in... 
Rape accuser sues football star Jameis Winston in Florida court: By Letitia Stein TAMPA, Fla. (Reuters) - Coll... 
Mexico losing to the United States hurts even in a friendly: Jordan Morris scored his debut goal for the U.S.,... 
NFL-Vikings' Peterson reinstated by the league: * Must maintain ongoing program of counseling and treatment * ... 
Vikings' Peterson reinstated by the league: (Reuters) - Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson, who wa... 
Many culprits in Manchester City's poor turn in form: Former Manchester United forward Eric Cantona believes M... 
Eden Hazard, Diego Costa, Harry Kane among PFA Player of Year nominees: Diego Costa, Philipe Coutinho, David D... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez's murder conviction poses legal challenge: By Scott Malone BOSTON (Reuters) - The intens... 
Manchester City must get value for money spent during summer: Former Manchester United forward Eric Cantona be... 
Bayern Munich making plans for 'new generation' - Matthias Sammer: Bayern Munich are already planning for life... 
12 of the best Jurgen Klopp quotes: Top of the Klopps: Jurgen Klopp has a silver tongue, and is free this summ... 
Wenger: Arsenal FA Cup semi should not clash with Chelsea-Man United: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has questi... 
Chelsea's Eden Hazard open to Ligue 1 return at Lille: Eden Hazard would only join former club Lille and not L... 
Model Gisele Bundchen takes last strut on Sao Paulo catwalk: Gisele Bundchen, the world's highest paid model, ... 
Mario Balotelli to land POTY award as rival fans hijack Liverpool vote: Mario Balotelli has not exactly shone ... 
Jurgen Klopp's Dortmund falls victim to modern football: Borussia Dortmund head coach Jurgen Klopp explains wh... 
Salcedo, Rodriguez, Montes, Mier earn highest marks in Mexico loss to U.S.: Jordan Morris scored his debut goa... 
Luis Suarez's stellar brace leads Barcelona to an assured win over PSG: Luis Suarez erupts in the second half ... 
Paolo Maldini's return would help AC Milan re-establish their identity: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reviews Juventu... 
Premier League the best fit for Klopp?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses where Jurgen Klopp may end up after t... 
Real Madrid board at fault for sudden Fabio Coentrao predicament: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancelotti conte... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Aaron Hernandez was found guilty of first-degree murder in the 2013 kill... 
Alonso and Gotze reflect abject Bayern in Porto: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti says Pep Guardiola needs to believe th... 
Blaise Matuidi at his best but couldn't stop PSG falling to heavy Barca defeat: PARC DES PRINCES, PARIS -- Par... 
Wayne Rooney: I felt I had to give Man United team talks: Manchester United forward Wayne Rooney has said his ... 
Porto stun heavy favourites Bayern Munich, adding pressure on Guardiola: Three thoughts on FC Porto's shocking... 
Lyon beat Bastia to return to top of Ligue 1: Mohamed Yattara scored three minutes after coming on as a substi... 
American football's hall of shame: The murder conviction of former New England Patriots star Aaron Hernandez h... 
'The hardest thing', jurors say after finding ex-NFL star guilty: By Elizabeth Barber FALL RIVER (Reuters) - T... 
Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez found guilty of 2013 murder: By Elizabeth Barber FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - For... 
Which club will Jurgen Klopp manage next?:  
Carles Puyol could come out of retirement to play in MLS: Former Barcelona captain Carles Puyol, who has repor... 
Gary Neville and the Class of 92 star in brilliantly absurd netball video: Netball side Manchester Thunder hav... 
Transfer targets to replenish the strike force of the Prem's biggest clubs: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson gives his... 
Carlos Salcedo is emerging as one of Mexico's brightest young defenders: Take a "By The Numbers" approach to t... 
Real Madrid's Dani Carvajal denies biting Atletico's Mario Mandzukic: Real Madrid's Dani Carvajal has denied b... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Pittsburgh Steelers cornerback Ike Taylor is walking away from the NFL a... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will not be leaving Paris Saint-Germain, agent insists: Zlatan Ibrahimovic's agent has rubb... 
Wounded PSG must keep Barcelona at bay in UCL quarterfinal first leg: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson breaks down how... 
How can PSG stop Barcelona's attack?: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson breaks down how Paris Saint-Germain can contain... 
Leicester to get Rough Ride in first pro game in U.S.: English powerhouse club Leicester Tigers will this year... 
Pellegrini is still a good manager: Manuel Pellegrini's character traits that were held up as the Manchester C... 
Barcelona star Lionel Messi: I'm happy after moving on from tough year: Barcelona star Lionel Messi says he is... 
PSG-Barcelona, Porto-Bayern Munich: Champions League predicted XIs: Wednesday continues the action in the Cham... 
Former San Francisco 49er a suspect in death of prison cellmate: A former NFL running back for the San Francis... 
Zinedine Zidane puts end to Gareth Bale-Man United transfer speculation: Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti prai... 
Real Madrid won't sell Gareth Bale to Man United, Zinedine Zidane says: Real Madrid legend and B team coach Zi... 
Sterling scores but Coutinho stars in Liverpool's win over Newcastle: Liverpool gained three more points towar... 
Sterling shines in Liverpool win: Raheem Sterling has been the topic of much debate in recent weeks but he let... 
Marouane Fellaini wins over Man United fans with consistent form: Manchester United continued their fine form ... 
Leonardo Jardim wants more respect for Monaco in Champions League: Leonardo Jardim demanded more respect for h... 
Juventus can't be complacent vs. Monaco as treble talk increases: Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri cal... 
Jury in fifth day of deliberations in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial: The jury in the murder trial of former N... 
Atletico-Real, Juventus-Monaco: Champions League predicted XIs: Tuesday sees the return of the Champions Leagu... 
Thiago injury woe behind him and ready to push Bayern past Porto: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer analyses the potential i... 
Statistics say Barcelona, Bayern Munich favourites to progress in UCL: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno predicts Rea... 
Chivas top the Liga MX table, completing a remarkable turnaround: Chivas Guadalajara coach Jose Manuel de la T... 
Jose Mourinho plans another raid of Atletico Madrid for Joao Miranda: Jose Mourinho refused to comment on whet... 
AC Milan and Sampdoria draw does little to help either club reach Europe: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reviews Juven... 
Manchester United influence Team of the Weekend after thumping City: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down the Man... 
Manchester United fans can be proud after derby win, says Van Gaal: Louis van Gaal believes Manchester United ... 
Franck Tabanou goal keeps St Etienne in race for Ligue 1 top four: Franck Tabanou's first goal of the season s... 
Lazio cruise against Empoli to climb above Roma into second place: Lazio leapfrogged Roma into second place in... 
Vincent Kompany starts for Man City against Man United in derby clash: Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany... 
Chelsea Being Held By QPR: It's been a scrappy start in Chelsea's match at QPR, with the scoreline goalless. T... 
Tim Sherwood's celebrations vs. Spurs captured in Aston Villa video: Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood recaps h... 
Vincent Kompany's mum advised him against Manchester United move: Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has ... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Edinson Cavani net braces as PSG win Coupe de la Ligue: The ESPN FC panel believe Zlatan I... 
Marouane Fellaini plays an important role for Man United - Louis van Gaal: Manchester United manager Louis van... 
Real Madrid's increased tempo helping Cristiano Ronaldo, says Carlo Ancelotti: Cristiano Ronaldo's recent goal... 
Coquelin the anchor at Burnley to help Arsenal keep pressure on Chelsea: In years past, a trip away on a windy... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel has been released from a reh... 
Bankrupt Parma pull off shock win against Serie A leaders Juventus: Parma pulled off the biggest surprise of t... 
Luis Enrique says Barcelona lost control of match in draw at Sevilla: Luis Enrique said his team had paid for ... 
Atletico Madrid overcome poor Torres to salvage draw at Malaga: Our football gurus preview the clash between R... 
Manchester City's poor away form can be overcome at Manchester United: Will this weekend's installment of the ... 
Steelers star Polamalu retires: Pittsburgh Steelers great Troy Polamalu announced his retirement after making ... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic ban overshadows Paris Saint-Germain and Bastia final: PSG manager Laurent Blanc knows his t... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Ending a stellar 12-year career, Pittsburgh Steelers safety Troy Polamal... 
Manchester City prepare enormous swap deal to land Juventus' Paul Pogba: The ESPN FC team react to sources ind... 
Bernardo Silva brace moves Monaco up to third in Ligue 1: Bernardo Silva struck a second-half brace as Monaco ... 
Diego Maradona likens Louis Van Gaal to a 'devil' for treatment of Falcao: Diego Maradona has likened Louis va... 
Zimbabwean football struggling to survive in troubled economy: If a business collapses in an already sunken ec... 
It's advantage Barcelona as Real Madrid hope for help from others: FC Barcelona right-back Martin Montoya conn... 
After four days, no verdict in ex-NFL star Hernandez's murder trial: The jury in the murder trial of former Na... 
Serie A examining plan to open season in 10 foreign cities: Napoli president Aurelio De Laurentiis has reveale... 
Chelsea must cope with hostile QPR to continue march towards league title: Chelsea took another step towards s... 
Steelers laud Polamalu for 'legendary' career: (Reuters) - Troy Polamalu's decision to retire from the NFL was... 
United or City -- where does Manchester's balance of power lie?: The FC TV panel have had their say, but what ... 
Neymar set for comeback as Barcelona prepare for stern Sevilla test: Neymar missed Barcelona's win over Almeri... 
Manchester City won't abandon attacking ethos, Ferran Soriano says: Manchester City will never betray their at... 
Chelsea set to break Premier League record for days spent top of table: Chelsea look certain to set a new reco... 
Steelers Polamalu to retire, report: Pittsburgh Steelers great Troy Polamalu has decided to retire after a doz... 
Houston Astrodome at 50: the global 'wonder' now a decaying shell: Texans on Thursday marked the 50th birthday... 
NFL-Pittsburgh's Polamalu retires after 12 seasons: The Pittsburgh Steelers' Troy Polamalu, one of the best sa... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic heading to Roma; Javier Hernandez to refuse MLS offer: Zlatan could be making a return trip... 
Bayern Munich have returning depth and clear resolve for treble stretch run: Bayern Munich advanced to the sem... 
Real Madrid show a vital versatility in wins vs. Granada, Rayo Vallecano: Cristiano Ronaldo joins Raul and Alf... 
Pele says he has recovered after recent health scare: SANTIAGO, Chile -- Brazilian soccer legend Pele says he ... 
Parma legend Gianluigi Buffon prepares to return with Juventus: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop breaks down the  world'... 
Borussia Dortmund must bring Hoffenheim spirit into Gladbach clash: Borussia Dortmund boss Jürgen Klopp reacts... 
France legend Lilian Thuram urges introduction of Rooney Rule: Former World Cup and European Championship winn... 
Judge in Aaron Hernandez's murder trial warns of mistrial risk: By Scott Malone FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - ... 
Five candidates to replace Pellegrini at Manchester City: From being level with Chelsea at the top of the Prem... 
Mario Balotelli: Illness 'real reason' for missing Liverpool Cup replay: Mario Balotelli posted a photograph o... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic's hat trick fires PSG into the Coupe de France final: Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick... 
Cristiano Ronaldo's 300th goal helps lead Real Madrid to a win over Rayo: Cristiano Ronaldo joins Raul and Alf... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The NFL hired Sarah Thomas as the league's first full-time female offici... 
Manuel Neuer delivers for Bayern Munich in DFB-Pokal penalty shootout: Bayern Munich advanced to the DFB Pokal... 
Jury deliberates in ex-NFL star's murder trial: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - Jurors in for... 
Bayern Munich beat Leverkusen, Arminia Bielefeld shock Gladbach: Bayern Munich booked their place in the DFB-P... 
Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez on target as Barcelona beat Almeria: Barcelona beat Almeria 4-0 to secure their s... 
Uzbekistan citizen in N.Y. pleads not guilty to plot to aid Islamic State: By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) ... 
Borussia Dortmund a step closer to crucial Europa League qualification: Sebastian Kehl scored a 30-yard half v... 
NFL hires first female full-time official: The NFL confirmed on Wednesday that line judge Sarah Thomas will be... 
Gabon choice for African Nations' Cup reflective of West African strength: The Stade de Franceville will be on... 
Pressing play to learn how climate change can impact indigenous cultures: By Kyle Plantz LONDON (Thomson Reute... 
Can Man City Be Saved?: Manchester City's flaws have become impossible to ignore, with the age (and salaries) ... 
National Football League hires first woman to officiate games full time: The National Football League has hire... 
National Football League hires first woman to officiate games full time: (Adds details) NEW YORK, April 8 (Reu... 
Jury deliberating in ex-NFL star's murder trial: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass., April 8 (Reuters) - Jur... 
Premier League relegation predicted: Villa down with QPR and Leicester: Burnley manager Sean Dyche praises his... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic finally has his own search engine: 
Sebastian Kehl hailed by Jurgen Klopp after netting Dortmund winner: Borussia Dortmund coach Jurgen Klopp heap... 
Marouane Fellaini: Man United have to beat Man City in Manchester derby: Manchester United "have to do everyth... 
PSG's Edinson Cavani open to England or Spain move - agent: One of Edinson Cavani's agents has suggested the P... 
Wayne Rooney proving to be a great Manchester United captain: Manchester United's Wayne Rooney joins some elit... 
Montreal Impact advance to CONCACAF Champions League final: The Montreal Impact beat Costa Rican club Alajuele... 
WATCH: Fake argument leads to incredible goal: Arsenal Ladies were outsmart by a clever training ground free-k... 
Barcelona still want Jerome Boateng, Man City target Wilshere, Henderson: ESPN FC's Craig Burley breaks down w... 
Shell seeks to remove Greenpeace activists from oil rig: (Reuters) - Royal Dutch Shell Plc said it has filed a... 
Jury deliberates in ex-NFL star Hernandez's murder trial: The murder trial of ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez went... 
Allegri shows his genius in leading Juventus past Fiorentina in Coppa: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reviews Juventus... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The NFL suspended New England Patriots running back LeGarrette Blount on... 
James and Isco in battle for Real Madrid starting spot: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno predicts Real Madrid's star... 
Former 49er Kwame Harris arrested after trying to bite officer: (Reuters) - Former professional football linem... 
Auxerre book place in Coupe de France final with victory over Guingamp: Auxerre claimed a place in the final o... 
Christian Benteke hat trick helps Aston Villa salvage draw in relegation battle: Christian Benteke's hat trick... 
Monaco forced to settle for point against Montpellier: Monaco's Champions League bid suffered a setback as the... 
Aaron Hernandez witnessed murder, didn't commit it: defense: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - ... 
FIFA presidential candidate Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein unveils his manifesto: Luis Figo, Michael van Praag and ... 
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper due in New Orleans court on rape charges: By Jonathan Kaminsky NEW ORLEANS (Reuters... 
Antonio Valencia discipline sees Rafael marginalised at Manchester Utd: Manchester United manager Louis van Ga... 
Claudio Marchisio and Andrea Pirlo returns delight Juve coach Allegri: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri say... 
Fenerbahce bus attack: Two arrested, held for questioning: ANKARA, Turkey -- A Turkish official says police ha... 
The next Jurgen Klopp? Thomas Tuchel is football hipsters' latest hit: Thomas Tuchel is currently on a sabbati... 
Greenpeace activists board Shell oil rig bound for the Arctic: (Reuters) - Six activists with the environmenta... 
Man United, Chelsea target Jurgen Damm is one of Mexico's top prospects: Jurgen Damm, 8, had to borrow Jonatha... 
Aston Villa's 'must win' match vs. QPR another part of the history at Villa Park: The ESPN FC team discuss the... 
Fourth New York City man charged in plot to aid Islamic State: By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - A fourth N... 
Zinedine Zidane and Real Madrid track Raheem Sterling, Wenger's Messi heir: The ESPN FC crew respond to your t... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Cleveland Browns All-Pro offensive tackle Joe Thomas said quarterback Jo... 
Brendan Rodgers defends decision to start Kolo Toure over Dejan Lovren: Dejan Lovren was dropped last weekend ... 
Burley's Boiling Point: EPL title race is over: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Chelsea's excellent... 
Burley's Boiling Point: EPL title race is over: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on Chelsea's excellent... 
Palace End Man City's Title Hopes: At Selhurst Park, Alan Pardew got the better of Manuel Pellegrini as Crysta... 
Real Madrid watching Raheem Sterling Liverpool talks, Zinedine Zidane says: Zinedine Zidane says Real Madrid a... 
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper pleads not guilty to federal charges of drugging women: NEW ORLEANS (Reuters) - For... 
Andres Guardado notes lack of support for Mexicans moving to Europe: PSV midfielder Andres Guardado believes L... 
PCP triggers violence, doctor testifies in Hernandez murder trial: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reute... 
Loic Remy making the most of his limited opportunities at Chelsea: Chelsea first team manager Jose Mourinho sa... 
Arsenal progress, Sterling saga, Pep's experiment, a French Classique, more: The ESPN FC panel speak about Ars... 
Bastian Schweinsteiger injury boost for Bayern Munich: Bayern Munich have announced that Bastian Schweinsteige... 
Inter Milan shamed by bottom side Parma as Mancini's problems mount: Inter Milan's poor season continued with ... 
Xavi Hernandez can decide his Barcelona future - Josep Bartomeu: Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has ... 
Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers plays down dressing-room crisis talk: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool boss Brendan Rodge... 
Veteran J-League legend King Kazu breaks his own record: As golden oldies go, they don't get much more golden ... 
David Luiz and Thiago Motta doubtful for PSG's game against Barcelona: David Luiz and Thiago Motta risk missin... 
Arsenal close to deal for Velez Sarsfield's Maximiliano Romero: Velez Sarsfield youngster Maximiliano Romero h... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel played some weekend golf wit... 
Who scored the goal of the weekend?:  
Who scored the goal of the weekend?:  
Heroic Hazard helps Chelsea as Rooney also stars and Liverpool flop: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Chelsea's h... 
Everton must improve attacking options with or without Lukaku: Everton boss Roberto Martinez praises his side'... 
Ronaldo nets 5 in Real's 9-1 rout of Granada; Valencia, Villarreal draw: Cristiano Ronaldo scored an eight-min... 
Sunderland show heart while Newcastle are a depressing mess: SUNDERLAND -- Here are three quick thoughts from ... 
European rivals Augsburg, Schalke draw a blank: Augsburg delivered all the good news they had prior to the beg... 
Karim Benzema hails Cristiano Ronaldo as a 'phenomenon': Karim Benzema hailed teammate Cristiano Ronaldo as a ... 
After Indian Super League success, India needs I-League improvement: Atl&amp;#233;tico de Kolkata won the inaugura... 
LIVE Boot Room: Spurs vs. Burnley:  
Premier League chat: Spurs vs. Burnley; Sunderland vs. Newcastle: (function(d, s, id) {var 
James Returns For Real Madrid: After only one win in their last four La Liga games, Real Madrid need to get ba... 
Rodgers Slams Sterling Advisers: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers hit out at Raheem Sterling's advisers over ... 
Club America and Gustavo Matosas get crucial Liga MX win over Cruz Azul: Oribe Peralta scored a header in the ... 
Juventus less than perfect, but they don't need to be to win title: Carlos Tevez provided the winner as Juvent... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: Defensive tackle Sen'Derrick Marks of the Jacksonville Jaguars said the ... 
Premier League Gallery: Best of Matchday 31:  
Robert Lewandowski secures heroic homecoming as Bayern beat Dortmund: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik recaps Bayern... 
Bundesliga: Wolfsburg beat Stuttgart to cement European hopes: Wolfsburg all but mathematically secured their ... 
Serie A: Miralem Pjanic goal enough as Roma beat Napoli: Roma strengthened their grip on second place in Serie... 
Premier League chat: Arsenal vs. Liverpool; Man Utd vs. Villa and more: (function(d, s, id) {var 
Michael Owen slams Raheem Sterling agent over interview decision: Michael Owen has criticised Raheem Sterling'... 
Juan Mata: Man Utd can pip Man City to second place in Premier League: Manchester United midfielder Juan Mata ... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: The NFL has hired its first female official, Sarah Thomas, in a ground-b... 
Messi's potential absence shouldn't deter Barcelona against Celta: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro More... 
Club America and Cruz Azul with plenty to play for in Mexico City derby: Club America will be missing key play... 
League reportedly set to hire first full-time female official: The NFL will make Sarah Thomas its first female... 
Burley: Kane has been fantastic:  
Arsene Wenger says he's happy Alexis Sanchez chose Arsenal over Liverpool: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger does ... 
Real Madrid out to put a stop to their post-break struggles vs. Granada: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth and Janusz Mich... 
Arsene Wenger says he's not yet watching Arsenal's table position: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has challenge... 
Inspired by Sterling, Walters 'demands' a new Stoke deal: Inspired by a report that Raheem Sterling has reject... 
Lionel Messi injury boost for Barcelona after Argentina absence: Barcelona star Lionel Messi looks set to face... 
Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger win monthly Premier League awards: Olivier Giroud and Arsene Wenger have won ... 
Arsenal and Liverpool in showdown, with Champions League the big prize: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley... 
Bayern selling Xherdan Shaqiri to Inter at a 'discount' - Rummenigge: Bayern Munich chairman Karl-Heinz Rummen... 
Gustavo Matosas needs to right Club America ship to get off the hot seat: Despite receiving support from the c... 
Who is the world's best goalkeeper?:  
Sir Alex Ferguson 
once lost to ducks:  
Brendan Rodgers: Raheem Sterling 'not going anywhere in the summer': Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says fo... 
David Alaba hopes to play for Bayern Munich again this season: David Alaba is hoping to be back in action for ... 
Barcelona join the Paul Pogba party, Inter Milan to sign Stevan Jovetic?: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Janusz Mi... 
Barca's Lionel Messi and Jordi Alba come down with cases of 'FIFA virus': Argentina manager Gerardo Martino ap... 
Why Signing Danilo Is A Big Win For Real: Carlo Ancelotti's future at the Bernabeu may be up in the air, but s... 
Ex-Chile goalkeeper Roberto Rojas has liver transplant, says hospital: SAO PAULO -- A Brazilian hospital says ... 
Liverpool-Everton is the so-called 'friendly derby,' but how friendly is it?: ESPN FC's Craig Burley talks Mer... 
Filippo Inzaghi's possible successors at Milan are starting to queue up: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti discusses... 
Mexico's wins over Paraguay, Ecuador prove the need for tougher opponents: A goal after just three minutes fro... 
Michael Carrick in line for England milestone at Euro 2016: Michael Carrick will have had the longest England ... 
Porto coach praises new Real Madrid signing Danilo; Gaya linked with move: Porto coach Julen Lopetegui says th... 
Lionel Messi may not be fit for Barcelona's match vs. Celta Vigo: Lionel Messi is a doubt for Barcelona's La L... 
Arsene Wenger 'driven' to continue as Arsenal manager - Robert Pires: Arsenal legend Robert Pires has told RMC... 
Cape Verde Islands claim shock win over second-string Portugal: Portugal felt the absence of Cristiano Ronaldo... 
Messi-madness grips New Jersey despite Leo's no-show vs. Ecuador: Fans in New Jersey were treated to a fine Ar... 
Brazil still a work in progress:  
Jonathan dos Santos makes statement in Mexico win over Paraguay: ESPN FC's John Sutcliffe speaks to Eduardo He... 
Atletico Madrid target Santi Cazorla rebuffs rumours, Arsenal wait on Cech: Santi Cazorla insists that he is s... 
Jozy Altidore's red card hampers an otherwise solid U.S. effort: A spectacular free kick by Brek Shea in the f... 
Vicente Del Bosque says Spain controlled game in Netherlands defeat: Spain coach Vicente del Bosque said he th... 
Real Madrid agree to sign Danilo from Porto in the summer: Real Madrid have reached an agreement with Porto to... 
Marouane Fellaini stars again, Vincent Kompany off in Belgium win: Belgium survived a red card to captain Vinc... 
Andros Townsend saves Roy Hodgson as England draw with Italy: Andros Townsend equalises late for England as th... 
U.S. shows improvement vs. Swiss but Altidore sending off leads to late draw: A spectacular free kick by Brek ... 
Hislop: Sterling not going anywhere: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Janusz Michallik give their thoughts on Raheem... 
Inter Milan keen on signing Yaya Toure or James Milner - Mancini: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini is targeti... 
Ramsey, Wilshere and Oxlade-Chamberlain in Arsenal spotlight: Arsenal announced five new contracts in December... 
Dani Alves deals with questions by singing them away: Strange as it may seem, we here at Toe Poke aren't const... 
Southampton hero Matt Le Tissier to go on Countdown: Matt Le Tissier was a one-club man and is pictured here s... 
Spurs flying with Kane but Pochettino get summer transfer business right: Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino p... 
Chelsea's Cesc Fabregas understands Spain bench role: Chelsea star Cesc Fabregas has told Marca he understands... 
Man City star David Silva open to future La Liga return: David Silva says he is happy at Manchester City but c... 
Borussia Dortmund calm over Man United target Mats Hummels: Borussia Dortmund are "completely relaxed" about M... 
Mexico's Duenas, Hernandez and Herrera prepare for their debuts: ESPN FC's Paul Mariner and Mark Donaldson dis... 
Paris Saint-Germain to match the money Man United paid for Di Maria?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why ... 
Klinsmann: United States-Switzerland game to test Yanks' mental strength: ESPN FC's Adrian Healey and Taylor T... 
Can Gareth Bale's form for Wales follow him back to Real Madrid?: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe explains why Gareth Bale ... 
Falcons lose draft pick for artificial crowd noise: The Atlanta Falcons were fined $350,000 and stripped of a ... 
Browns GM banned four games for texting to sideline: Cleveland Browns general manager Ray Farmer was suspended... 
Harry Kane to make first England start against Italy, Roy Hodgson says: Tottenham striker Harry Kane will make... 
Radamel Falcao scores penalty in Colombia's victory; Qatar win again: Radamel Falcao scored a penalty as Colom... 
Harry Kane's dream season for Tottenham and England continues: England left back Leighton Baines poured praise... 
FIFA whistleblower urges clubs to apply pressure for change: FIFA whistleblower Bonita Mersiades has urged lea... 
Lionel Messi ranks top in 2015, Cristiano Ronaldo 29th - CIES study: Lionel Messi has been the best performing... 
Zinedine Zidane wants to be France manager: Zinedine Zidane has admitted he would love to become France coach ... 
Leonardo uneasy about Paris Saint-Germain comeback: Leonardo has told RMC it will be "difficult to return to P... 
PSG coy on Dani Alves interest with Barcelona star's contract expiring: Paris Saint-Germain have refused to be... 
Verratti struggles to escape Pirlo's shadow in Italy's midfield: Italy head coach Antonio Conte admits he's go... 
Charles Aranguiz interested in Arsenal transfer: Chile international Charles Aranguiz has said it would be a "... 
Did Bale answer his critics?: The ESPN FC panel talk about Gareth Bale's performance after he scored 2 goals f... 
Harry Kane debut, Gareth Bale exit, U.S. team, Spain strikers, Netherlands: England head coach Roy Hodgson say... 
Harry Kane to join England U21s in Czech Republic says Gareth Southgate: England under-21 coach Gareth Southga... 
Wales bring together Arab and Jewish communities: Gareth Bale and some of his Welsh international teammates pl... 
Reus and Muller earn Germany a comfortable Euro 2016 qualifying win: World champions Germany enjoyed a comfort... 
Balotelli, Drogba and Henry pose for a superstar striker selfie: @didierdrogba #thierryhenry LEGENDS&amp;#65533;&amp;#... 
Firmino Fires Brazil To Victory: Brazil beat Chile 1-0 at the Emirates, with Roberto Firmino rounding goalkeep... 
Herrera has plenty to ponder: Javier Hernandez showed no rust in scoring the match winner, while Jesus Corona ... 
Dani Alves yet to agree move away from Barcelona with contract up: Dani Alves has insisted he has not yet agre... 
Wales' Gareth Bale: I don't need to answer Real Madrid critics: Gareth Bale insisted he had no need to answer ... 
Chicharito Hernandez and Jesus Corona lead Mexico over Ecuador: Mexico's Javier 'Chicharito' Hernandez spoke t... 
Gareth Bale and Luka Modric could return to Premier League: Summer moves at the Bernabeu may push Luka Modric ... 
Jordan Henderson says Liverpool can win out, still finish second: Liverpool vice captain Jordan Henderson insi... 
Argentina win in Washington DC with Messi resting, Uruguay prevail: Ever Banega scored on a deflected shot, Fe... 
Italy, Netherlands both salvage draws late while Gareth Bale carries Wales: Italy and Netherlands both fought ... 
Nicol: Bale still in top form: ESPN FC's Stevie Nicol says Gareth Bale is putting Wales in prime position to q... 
Gareth Bale scores twice to carry Wales past Israel in Euro qualifier: Gareth Bale scored two goals and set up... 
Tomas Rosicky, Wojciech Szczesny to lead Arsenal's summer clear-out?: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop reveals his lates... 
Barcelona lose Jordi Alba for 10 days with hamstring injury: Barcelona defender Jordi Alba will be out for aro... 
Daley Blind: Spain will be out for revenge against Netherlands: Daley Blind believes Spain will be seeking rev... 
Vincent Kompany hits back at 'predictable' Man City critics: Manchester City skipper Vincent Kompany has insis... 
Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio 'back in days, not months': Juventus have confirmed that midfielder Clau... 
Mexico's Miguel Herrera thinking short and long term with squad choices: A wax figure of Mexican coach Miguel ... 
Miguel Herrera's Mexico starting XI vs. Ecuador a Gold Cup preview: Miguel Herrera's starting XI vs. Ecuador w... 
Phil Jones and Chris Smalling may leave Manchester United this summer: The ESPN FC crew react to reports sugge... 
Kane's cameo impresses but England's Carrick has a calming influence: Harry Kane and Raheem Sterling scored th... 
Danny Welbeck out of England-Italy friendly, Sterling excused - Hodgson: England manager Roy Hodgson confirmed... 
Miguel Herrera must reclaim CONCACAF for Mexico: Mexico last claimed the CONCACAF Gold Cup in 2011, defeating ... 
Russia's Igor Akinfeev hit by flare, qualifier suspended at Montenegro: #INSERT type:video END#
Russia's match... 
Wolfsburg's Kevin De Bruyne open to Chelsea return - sources: Kevin De Bruyne would consider a move back to Ch... 
Mario Suarez reveals he almost joined Inter Milan from Atletico Madrid: #INSERT type:image caption:Mario Suare... 
Juventus star Claudio Marchisio out for six months with cruciate injury: Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio... 
Players banned for total of 59 games after mass tunnel brawl in Italy: Suspensions totalling 59 games have bee... 
Manuel Neuer back in Germany goal for Euro 2016 qualifier against Georgia: Manuel Neuer will be back in the Ge... 
Manchester United's Wayne Rooney: No repeat of boxing goal celebration: Manchester United and England captain ... 
Bayern's Guardiola to coach Qatar in 2022; Liverpool want Walcott: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Janusz Micha... 
Rugby-Ten-minute cooler is key concussion advance: By Mitch Phillips LONDON, March 27 (Reuters) - For all the ... 
Real Madrid's Gareth Bale and Luka Modric will benefit from 'FIFA virus': The FC team discuss whether Gareth B... 
NFL-National Football League roundup: New England Patriots linebacker Dont'a Hightower reportedly will be out ... 
Don't put pressure on Harry Kane in England debut, warns Wayne Rooney: Wayne Rooney has urged England fans and... 
NFL eyes Germany, Mexico games, more in London: National Football League officials are looking at staging regu... 
Ochoa vs. Corona battle in full effect for El Tri:  
Who can help Kaka?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno questions Orlando City SC's ability to compete in MLS without t... 
Barcelona's Xavi employs impressive memory skills to ace goals quiz: With reports circulating&amp;nbsp;that he may... 
Congressman asks pro sports leagues about their tax-exempt status: Utah Republican Congressman Jason Chaffetz ... 
Trial of ex-NFL star Hernandez interrupted by bomb threat: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - A ... 
Marquinhos gets one-year contract extension from Paris Saint-Germain: Paris Saint-Germain defender Marquinhos ... 
Murder trial of ex-NFL player to resume after bomb threat lifted: FALL RIVER, Massachusetts (Reuters) - Bristo... 
Bayern Munich's David Alaba not thinking about Real Madrid link: Bayern Munich defender David Alaba has said h... 
Theo Walcott: No rift with Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger: Arsenal forward Theo Walcott has denied reports of a... 
Gareth Bale is Real Madrid's fall guy despite replicating his 2013-14 form: ESPN FC's Spain correspondent Sid ... 
Arsene Wenger deserves more credit for Arsenal's recent revival: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger admits all his sid... 
English strikers are back on top form in the 2014-15 Premier League season: England manager Roy Hodgson has at... 
Arsenal, Liverpool on alert as Luiz Adriano opens door on Shakhtar exit: After making his Champions League deb... 
Sydney FC striker Marc Janko dreams of Euro 2016 berth with Austria: Marc Janko is outscoring Sydney FC's form... 
Premier League clubs show combined profit for first time since 1998-99: Premier League clubs are back in the b... 
Jose vs. Pep: Who's worth more money?:  
Mourinho deserving as highest-paid boss?:  
Vicente del Bosque looks to replicate Spain's club dynamic before Euro 2016: Spain manager Vicente del Bosque ... 
U.S. judge refuses to dismiss NHL ex-players' concussion lawsuit: (Reuters) - A U.S. District judge in Minneso... 
Lukas Podolski denies Australia with late Germany goal in friendly: World champions Germany were held to a 2-2... 
LIVE: Scotland vs. Northern Ireland:  
NFL playoff expansion delayed, LA relocations pondered: National Football League team owners postponed a possi... 
Where Could Gareth Bale Go?: Whether it's fair or not, Gareth Bale is being blamed for Real Madrid's recent st... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper pleads guilty to attempted sex assault in Nevada: Former NFL star Darren Sharper admitted ... 
Manchester United striker Radamel Falcao vows to fight 'until the end': Radamel Falcao insists he has not lost... 
U.S.'s Aron Johannsson returns to his old stomping ground in Denmark: ESPN FC's Doug McIntyre and Taylor Twell... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper pleads guilty to attempted sex assault in Nevada: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Former NFL star ... 
For Paul Pogba, Paris Saint-Germain might be the best career move: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop and Janusz Michallik... 
Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia seek fixes over international break: Mateo Musacchio has the chance to pr... 
Michel Platini re-elected as UEFA president: VIENNA -- Michel Platini was re-elected as UEFA president on Tues... 
Lionel Messi joining PSG 'impossible' - Barcelona's Jeremy Mathieu: Barcelona defender Jeremy Mathieu has told... 
Arsenal allowed Mesut Ozil to fly to Berlin after game - Joachim Low: Mesut Ozil was cleared to fly to Berlin ... 
Kevin Wimmer: Commanding centre-back who could blossom at Tottenham: Kevin Wimmer has made 25 Bundesliga appea... 
Juventus' Paul Pogba is being watched by PSG, says Thiago Silva: Paris Saint-Germain captain Thiago Silva has ... 
Porto given glimmer of hope as Arjen Robben's injury tests Bayern Munich: Pep Guardiola spoke after his Bayern... 
Brazil candidate to host 2017 NFL Pro Bowl: report: Only five months after the Rio de Janeiro Olympics, Brazil... 
Manchester City's Cristiano Ronaldo bid bound to upset Man United: The ESPN FC crew weigh on in Cristiano Rona... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper admits to sexual assaults in California, Arizona: By Daina Beth Solomon and Steve Gorman L... 
Mignolet: Gerrard rallied team following red card, loss vs. Man Utd: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet has r... 
Real Madrid promise legal action against car attackers: Real Madrid have identified and promised to pursue leg... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper admits to sexual assaults in California, Arizona: By Daina Beth Solomon and Steve Gorman L... 
London Bills-Jaguars game gets global digital nod: Next October's National Football League game in London betw... 
AC Milan give internationals most playing time in Europe, study says: AC Milan give 99.4 percent of all minute... 
Ex-NFL star sent money to man who sold guns, witness testifies: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters)... 
England FA seek tougher rules for foreign players to obtain work permits: The Football Association will push E... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper pleads no contest in Los Angeles to two rapes: LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Former National Foo... 
Daniel Sturridge a doubt for England with hip injury, sources say: Liverpool striker Daniel Sturridge is a dou... 
Steven Gerrard shows why he's no longer 'Captain Fantastic' for Liverpool: A brace from Juan Mata put a five-p... 
Gareth Bale's car 'kicked and punched' after Real Madrid loss - report: Real Madrid's spirited performance in ... 
Steven Gerrard's stamp on Ander Herrera sends Twitter into meltdown: Billed as the biggest Liverpool vs. Manch... 
La Liga Not Decided Yet: Barcelona are celebrating their Clasico win vs. Real Madrid but, despite holding a fo... 
Michael Sam still has sights on NFL career: Michael Sam, the first openly gay player drafted by an NFL team, i... 
Luis Suarez pushes Barcelona past Real Madrid to extend La Liga lead: In the end it was a tight and tense affa... 
Mourinho: Title race should be over: Chelsea manager Jose Mournho says his team should have secured more point... 
Highlights: Feyenoord 2-1 PSV Eindhoven: Anass Achahbar scored two stunning goals for Feyenoord Rotterdam in t... 
Manila-born ex-NFLer Tebow pays Pacquiao visit: Filipino icon Manny Pacquiao received a visit from Manila-born... 
Steven Gerrard and his idiocy wreck Liverpool hopes against United: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Juan Mata (59') Li... 
Chelsea Win Late At Hull: After a chaotic game in which Hull scored twice in two minutes to level it, substitu... 
Van Gaal: Man United win at Liverpool among my most important ever: LIVERPOOL -- Louis van Gaal believes Manch... 
FIFA needs David Gill asking tough questions - FA chairman Greg Dyke: David Gill will be one of the "awkward s... 
Premier League referees' chief Mike Riley wants video technology trial: Premier League referees' chief Mike Ri... 
Barcelona president rules out Lionel Messi exit and praises Paul Pogba: Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartom... 
Barcelona midfielder Sergio Busquets passed fit for El Clasico: Barcelona have announced that midfielder Sergi... 
Who will win?:  
LA closer to getting NFL team after stadium petition: report: (Reuters) - The dream of bringing national footb... 
Protests against AC Milan owner Silvio Berlusconi overshadow win vs. Cagliari: Despite widespread dissent amon... 
Task facing Advocaat at Sunderland clear after West Ham defeat: Diafra Sakho struck late on as West Ham beat S... 
Borussia Dortmund edge 10-man Hannover, Leverkusen beat Schalke: Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored twice as&amp;nbs... 
Chelsea facing the prospect of a tight match against Hull City: Chelsea FC manager Jose Mourinho says his side... 
LIVE GameCast: West Ham vs. Sunderland:  
Injuries and suspensions: All the Premier League team news: Get all the latest team news and information from ... 
EPFL would back legal challenge to 2022 World Cup schedule: European Professional Football Leagues (EPFL) chai... 
Luis Enrique not getting carried away as Barcelona tipped to win Clasico: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique says hi... 
PSG made Paul Pogba offer, Juventus director Pavel Nedved says: Juventus director Pavel Nedved has said Paris ... 
Man United's Jonny Evans again pleads innocence over Papiss Cisse spit: Manchester United defender Jonny Evans... 
Fierce rivalry renewed as fans await Liverpool vs. United in top-four battle: A big, big, big, big game in the... 
PSG put Lyon under pressure behind irresistible Ibrahimovic: Zlatan Ibrahimovic was fundamental in PSG 3-1 vic... 
Arsenal chase Chilean midfielder, Atletico linked to Cavani again: Chelsea's summer transfer plans are among t... 
Ex-NFL star Darren Sharper to enter plea in rape cases: Former NFL safety Darren Sharper has reached a plea de... 
Holden: Man United have a chance at Anfield: ESPN FC's Stuart Holden believes Manchester United should play th... 
Ex-NFL star Sharper charged with rape in Las Vegas: (Reuters) - Rape charges have been filed in Las Vegas agai... 
Will Liverpool vs. Man United decide fourth place?:  
Breaking Down The UCL Quarterfinals: A repeat of last year's final pits Champions League holders Real Madrid a... 
Madrid Derby Heads UCL Quarterfinal Draw: Holders Real Madrid have drawn neighbours Atletico in the Champions ... 
Tim Sherwood already on the brink of history at Aston Villa: Last week's 4-0 win at Sunderland was Villa's sec... 
Wenger not using away goals as excuse for Arsenal's Champions League exit: Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has insi... 
New El Tri stars face tough tests, while Tijuana look to keep win streak alive: Jesus Duenas is joining El Tri... 
Brazil legend Romario wants to be mayor of Rio de Janeiro: Brazil legend Romario has stated his desire to beco... 
Theo Walcott may be off to Liverpool, Manchester City plan summer fire sale: ESPN FC's Craig Burley argues tha... 
Brazil introduces plan to renegotiate club debts, force fiscal responsibility: RIO DE JANEIRO -- Brazil's gove... 
Assessing the combined Clasico XI: The ESPN FC crew give their take on Michael Cox's combined Clasico best XI ... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez "on edge" at nightclub before murder: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachuse... 
Injuries may force Jurgen Klopp to experiment with Dortmund's XI: Borussia Dortmund manager Jurgen Klopp says ... 
FIFA approves Qatar 2022 World Cup final for December 18 - report: FIFA's executive committee has decided that... 
Allegri Conquers Juve's Euro Fears: Antonio Conte seemed an impossible act to follow at Juventus, but give Max... 
Jordan Henderson and Michael Carrick hold key in Liverpool vs. Man United: Jordan Henderson and Michael Carric... 
Harry Kane gets first England call-up, Ashley Young misses out: Tottenham Hotspur striker Harry Kane has recei... 
AC Milan midfielder Nigel De Jong hints at summer departure: Nigel De Jong has cast doubt over his future at A... 
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger calls for away-goals rule to be changed: LONDON -- Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger... 
Pep Guardiola revels in Lionel Messi show as Barcelona beat Man City: Former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola told... 
Masterful Juventus defeat Dortmund to progress in the Champions League: Dortmund get smashed at home by a Teve... 
Miguel Herrera introduces fresh blood into Mexico national setup: Jurgen Damm is a winger who has been one of ... 
Man City chase Kevin de Bruyne, Wolfsburg revive Lukaku interest: Kevin De Bruyne's double helped Wolfsburg co... 
With abuse case dismissed Hardy headed to Cowboys: The Dallas Cowboys signed free-agent defensive end Greg Har... 
Messi Was Magnificent: With former Barcelona manager Pep Guardiola among the enthralled Camp Nou crowd, Lionel... 
Champions League final predictions: The ESPN FC panel deliver their predictions for the Champions League final. 
Borussia Dortmund's Champions League campaign ends in meek fashion: Dortmund get smashed at home by a Tevez-le... 
Joe Hart stars among Manchester City's strugglers vs. Barcelona: Barcelona eliminated Manchester City from the... 
Former Penn State president sues over scathing report into Sandusky scandal: The former president of Pennsylva... 
Jury clears ex-NFL player Gault of purposely defrauding investors: By Sarah N. Lynch WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A ... 
Trooper discusses footprints near ex-NFL star's alleged victim: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters)... 
Manchester United, Liverpool clash with Champions League spot at stake: Our football gurus discuss which teams... 
Bernard Pierce, running back for NFL's Ravens, charged with DUI: (Reuters) - Baltimore Ravens running back Ber... 
10 players who set the Premier League alight only to quickly burn out: Andrey Arshavin, Robinho and Federico M... 
Tottenham's Champions League hopes dependent on fixing defence: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Manchester U... 
Liverpool have just one concern amid their superb run: wing-backs: The ESPN FC panel discusses Liverpool's cru... 
Manchester City's James Milner open to foreign move - sources: James Milner has an ambition to play abroad at ... 
Sergio Busquets out of Barcelona-Man City, Mascherano may play in midfield: Sergio Busquets has been ruled out... 
Liverpool's Glen Johnson yet to hold Roma talks, agent says: Glen Johnson's agent has denied reports the Liver... 
Diego Simeone set to sign new Atletico Madrid contract: Diego Simeone has confirmed he hopes to be able to mak... 
Arsenal Knocked Out Again: Despite a valiant effort and a convincing 2-0 win in their second leg vs. Monaco, A... 
Roberto Mancini heaps further pressure on 'lucky' Manuel Pellegrini: Former Manchester City boss Roberto Manci... 
Fernando Torres calls Champions League nights like Atleti's "gifts": Atletico Madrid penalty hero Fernando Tor... 
Suarez drags Atletico to penalties and Torres delivers the UCL quarters: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno discusses ... 
NFL: Early retirements over health fears may have ripple effect: The NFL has endured a tumultuous season deali... 
Torres the hometown hero as Atletico Madrid beat Leverkusen on penalties: Atletico Madrid are through to the q... 
Arsenal shine as a team but come up short in second leg vs. Monaco: Arsenal make it interesting with 2 goals o... 
Overcoming Juve could lift Dortmund's otherwise disappointing season: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik and Stuart Ho... 
Three stabbed at Baltimore's Morgan State University: report: (Reuters) - Three football players at Baltimore'... 
With Manchester City's squad in need of overhaul, who stays and who goes?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno and Crai... 
Ex-NFL star was angry at victim two days before killing -witness: By Danie Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters... 
Brendan Rodgers' in-game tweaks pay off again as Liverpool win at Swansea: Liverpool maintained the pressure i... 
Michael Carrick, Ander Herrera partnership just what Man United need: Wayne Rooney and Manchester United deliv... 
Luis Enrique, the man behind Barca's resurgence, lives for the Clasico: FC Barcelona is one point ahead of Rea... 
Man United's James Wilson doubtful for Liverpool game due to injury: Louis van Gaal faces the prospect of only... 
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo faces media scrutiny before Clasico: The ESPN FC crew weigh on in Cristiano... 
NCAA heads to U.S. appeals court over athlete pay: By Dan Levine SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - A group of athletes... 
Leroy Sané scared Real Madrid and continues to shine for Schalke: Leroy San&amp;#233; was given his Champions Leag... 
Sunderland appoint Dick Advocaat until end of season: Dick Advocaat has been confirmed as Sunderland's manager... 
Defender Borland retires at 24 over health fears: Chris Borland, a 24-year-old linebacker for the San Francisc... 
Paul Pogba staying put; Douglas Costa asks for Chelsea rescue?: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses midfielder Pa... 
San Francisco 49ers Borland to retire over health concerns: San Francisco 49ers player Chris Borland, a leadin... 
Inter Milan's rebuilding project must be given time under Roberto Mancini: Inter manager Roberto Mancini refus... 
Ex-NFL player, married to Hope Solo, charged with drunken driving in California: Former National Football Leag... 
Martin Skrtel, Joe Allen help Liverpool weather first-half storm from Swansea: Liverpool maintained the pressu... 
Ronaldinho left out of Queretaro squad, Erick Torres steps up for Chivas: Erick Torres has struggled for playi... 
Ex-quarterback Tebow works out for Eagles: Tim Tebow, whose stint as a National Football League quarterback br... 
Liverpool Gain Vital Win: Jordan Henderson's fortuitous 68th-minute goal earned Liverpool victory at Swansea a... 
Lazio defeat Torino to stay hot as Milan waste lead in loss to Fiorentina: Felipe Anderson scored twice to giv... 
Torres' double strike earns Liga MX Best XI honours: The latest Liga MX best XI.

The second half o... 
Jardim's Monaco aim to oust Arsenal and seal Champions League progress: Monaco defender Ricardo Carvalho belie... 
Smith re-elected as NFL players' union boss: DeMaurice Smith, who helped end a 2011 money dispute between owne... 
Fatigue Hits Chelsea: Jose Mourinho's side remain on course to win the Premier League but fatigue looks to be ... 
Paul Pogba will not be leaving Juventus, says Giuseppe Marotta: Juventus are ready to resist big offers from t... 
Sunderland sack manager Gus Poyet after Aston Villa humiliation: Sunderland have sacked manager Gus Poyet foll... 
Barca start with a bang but Ronaldo &amp; Bale issues need resolving at Madrid: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancel... 
Ronaldo beats Shakira and Messi to be crowned most popular person on Earth: The ESPN FC panel discuss Cristian... 
Roberto Mancini: Inter Milan hopes of Champions League pretty difficult: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini has... 
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho: Arsenal still in the Premier League title race: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believes A... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Bale and Ronaldo:  
Falcao to swap Manchester for London? Fergie to convince Ronaldo: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal ins... 
'Cubo' Torres earns Chivas valuable three points vs. relegation rivals Puebla: Erick Torres' late brace was en... 
Lacklustre PSG let another chance to go top of Ligue 1 slip in Bordeaux: Zlatan Ibrahimovic netted a brace aga... 
Napoli UCL hopes take hit; Parma pounded by Sassuolo; Inter draw: Napoli saw their push for a place in the Cha... 
Rose stands out among wilting Tottenham display at Old Trafford: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Manchester ... 
Manchester United and Tottenham show signs of the old days: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Manchester Unite... 
Wayne Rooney makes light of kitchen KO in goal celebration vs. Spurs: Wayne Rooney poked fun at himself by fal... 
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho frustrated by penalty decisions vs. Southampton: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho believe... 
Wolfsburg put three past Freiburg to secure Bundesliga victory: Wolfsburg saw off the threat of a spirited Fre... 
Chelsea held by Southampton, extend Premier League lead to six points: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Dusan Tadic pen... 
Arroyo is the matchwinner as Club America earn Liga MX win: Michael Arroyo's first goal of the season gave Clu... 
Manuel Pellegrini stands by Manchester City tactics vs. Barcelona: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini h... 
Mesut Ozil: Arsenal can still advance past Monaco in Champions League: Mesut Ozil believes Arsenal are capable... 
Juventus beat Palmero in another functional Serie A performance: Juventus celebrate their win at Palermo.
... 
Graeme Souness not backing down from Chelsea and Mourinho criticism: Graeme Souness will not be changing his o... 
West Ham's bad luck continues against a rampant Arsenal: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Arsenal's 3-0 victory o... 
Fast start required for Everton in crucial home clash versus Newcastle: The ESPN panel weigh on the critical s... 
Gareth Bale willing to join Manchester United, Danny Ings snubs Liverpool?: The ESPN FC panel discuss the rece... 
Real Madrid have a chance to get out of recent struggles in Levante match: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancelo... 
Consequences of failure don't concern Man United boss Louis van Gaal: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal... 
Prem League Gallery: Best of Matchday 29:  
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says people are too worried about him: Jose Mourinho says people are too preoccupie... 
Injuries and suspensions: All the Premier League team news: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth predicts Manchester United t... 
Bush vows best yet to come with move to 49ers: Reggie Bush, a standout running back who helped New Orleans cap... 
Fernandinho fights alone, David Silva struggles as Man City lose at Burnley: List all of the games where Manch... 
LIVE GameCast: Dortmund vs. Cologne:  
Crystal Palace pile pressure on QPR: QPR's Premier League status is looking more precarious than ever after Cr... 
PSG's Marco Verratti plays down Juventus swap deal speculation: Paris Saint-Germain star Marco Verratti has pl... 
Wellington Phoenix rise above Perth Glory, Melbourne City cruise: Wellington Phoenix leapfrogged Perth Glory a... 
Brendan Rodgers relaxed over Raheem Sterling's Liverpool future: LIVERPOOL -- Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers i... 
Douglas Costa: I want Chelsea move to work with best coach Jose Mourinho: Shakhtar Donetsk midfielder Douglas ... 
Real Madrid's Carlo Ancelotti: Whoever defines me as too soft angers me: Carlo Ancelotti has expressed his ang... 
Raheem Sterling puts new Liverpool contract talks on hold: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers gives an update o... 
Di Maria hopes to live up to rich tradition of Manchester United No. 7s: Manchester United winger Angel Di Mar... 
Steelers tie Roethlisberger to new five-year deal: Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger signed a new five-year contr... 
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho says Graeme Souness clearly a 'frustrated man': Jose Mourinho believes Chelsea critic ... 
Anthony Martial scores two as Monaco control nine-man Bastia: Champions League-chasing Monaco moved to within ... 
Roethlisberger and Steelers agree to five-year extension: (Reuters) - The Pittsburgh Steelers and quarterback ... 
Valencia defeat Deportivo to overtake Atletico Madrid in La Liga table: Valencia move a step closer to Champio... 
When John Aldridge returned to Real Sociedad, he got a hero's welcome: After scoring prolifically in all four ... 
Jury in ex-NFL star's murder trial won't hear of Florida shooting: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reute... 
Three New York men plead not guilty to plot to aid Islamic State: By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - Three N... 
Barcelona must remain focused on La Liga lead with Man City tie looming: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique shared h... 
Manchester City's season to be defined by Burnley, Barcelona fixtures: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Tommy Smyt... 
Hillsborough police chief called for dogs, not ambulances, inquest hears: Hillsborough police chief David Duck... 
Tottenham usurp Man Utd in the Premier League's homegrown stakes: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal gav... 
Washington state university investigating frat over slurs: newspaper: (Reuters) - University of Washington off... 
Werder Bremen laugh off Bayern Munich 'puckgate' affair: Werder Bremen have laughed off Bayern Munich sporting... 
Barcelona's Luis Suarez: English media need me to fill column inches: Barcelona striker Luis Suarez has accuse... 
Real Madrid president's negative coverage claims rejected by media: Real Madrid president Florentino Perez's a... 
Arsenal's Oxlade-Chamberlain out for up to four weeks with hamstring injury: Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has been ... 
Premier League fantasy Team of the Month for February: ESPN FC's Mark Donadson advises fantasy managers to tak... 
Fernandinho: No 'fight' with Man City captain Vincent Kompany: Fernandinho has insisted his alleged bust-up wi... 
Roberto Mancini's goalkeeping choice proves costly in 3-1 loss to Wolfsburg: Inter manager Roberto Mancini ref... 
Miguel Herrera warns Mexico against overconfidence with Gold Cup draw: All of Mexico's top players, like World... 
Top rusher Murray dumps Dallas for Eagles: NFL rushing leader DeMarco Murray inked a five-year contract with t... 
FIFA's Jeffrey Webb says Russia 'can't have a World Cup' with current racism: FIFA vice president Jeffrey Webb... 
Florentino Perez's hold on Real Madrid comes at a heavy price: The ESPN FC crew react to the latest comments f... 
Rushing leader Murray leaves Cowboys for rival Eagles: (Reuters) - DeMarco Murray, the National Football Leagu... 
Kevin De Bruyne leads Wolfsburg to come-from-behind win over tricky Inter: Kevin De Bruyne's double helped Wol... 
Oklahoma football team seeks punishment for racist video: By Heide Brandes OKLAHOMA CITY (Reuters) - The Unive... 
Manchester City might feel seller's remorse with Nastasic: Manchester City midfielder James Milner is reported... 
Texas jury awards fans $76,000 for Super Bowl seating problem: By Marice Richter DALLAS (Reuters) - A federal ... 
Mexican national team suffering from a lack of quality: Despite little playing time at Real Madrid, Javier Her... 
Fear Vs. PSG Costs Mourinho Dearly: Instead of putting his faith in Chelsea's abundant attacking talents, Jose... 
PSG's historic win at Chelsea shows that they're learning from mistakes: Isabelle da Silva doesn't often trave... 
Nemanja Vidic agent hits out at Roberto Mancini Inter rift 'lies': Nemanja Vidic's agent insists claims that t... 
Do Liverpool have another Jordan Henderson among their ranks?: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers refused to as... 
Bayern Munich hit by injuries to Arjen Robben and Franck Ribery: Bayern Munich will be without both Arjen Robb... 
FIFA world rankings: Spain out of top 10 for first time since 2007: #INSERT type:image caption:Spain and coach... 
Real Madrid's Gareth Bale 'saving himself' for Wales, Israel boss claims: Gareth Bale cares more about Wales t... 
Thiago Silva says Jose Mourinho and Chelsea 'lacked respect' for PSG: Paris Saint-Germain captain Thiago Silva... 
Thiago Silva, Marco Verratti lead Paris Saint-Germain to priceless UCL victory: An extra-time header from Thia... 
Chelsea out of sorts to a man in Champions League loss to PSG: An extra-time header from Thiago Silva stunned ... 
Dani Alves in Paris Saint-Germain limbo, Kevin De Bruyne staying put: Will Dani Alves be at Barcelona next sea... 
Colts sign former all-star receiver Johnson: Veteran receiver Andre Johnson joined the Indianapolis Colts Wedn... 
Nicol: PSG's back four were fantastic:  
Washington state sues over Super Bowl ticket cancellations: Washington state's top lawyer filed a lawsuit on W... 
PSG Stun Off-Form Chelsea: On a night of controversy at Stamford Bridge, Paris Saint-Germain came of age in th... 
PSG Stun Chelsea: Thiago Silva's superb header gave 10-man PSG a remarkable last 16 away goals victory vs. Che... 
Suh inks record deal with Dolphins: The Miami Dolphins put the final details on a six-year contract with All-P... 
LIVE GameCast: Bayern Munich vs. Shakhtar:  
Video shows ex-NFL star with type of gun used in slaying: expert: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuter... 
Chelsea And PSG Meet Again: After their Champions League last-16 first leg ended 1-1, Chelsea host Paris Saint... 
Sources: Man City's Vincent Kompany not dropped over Fernandinho incident: Vincent Kompany's omission from the... 
On-loan Inter Milan forward Lukas Podolski open to Arsenal return: Lukas Podolski has said he could again play... 
Matija Nastasic signs for Schalke from Man City in permanent transfer: Schalke have confirmed the signing of M... 
Win at Old Trafford can put Tottenham on Champions League path: The ESPN FC crew debate whether or not Tottenh... 
Demba Ba: Paris Saint-Germain will not make same mistakes against Chelsea: Demba Ba believes Paris Saint-Germa... 
Is Louis van Gaal losing his touch at Manchester United?: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal gave his ba... 
Mourinho: No bonus for Chelsea if they beat PSG in Champions League: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has reveale... 
Free-agent period triggers slew of big-name trades: (Reuters) - Longtime San Francisco 49ers running back Fran... 
Cowboys owner Jones tells court he regrets Super Bowl seating woes: By Marice Richter DALLAS (Reuters) - Dalla... 
NFL Texans' Clowney bitten by teammate's pit bull: media report: Houston Texans defensive lineman Jadeveon Clo... 
Given their current form, can Real Madrid defend the UCL title?:  
Valet: Saw ex-NFL star Hernandez with gun before slaying: (Adds new testimony from parking valet) By Daniel Lo... 
Jose Mourinho says PSG most aggressive team Chelsea have faced: Jose Mourinho says Paris Saint-Germain are the... 
Dealing frenzy hits as free agency, signings start: National Football League players and teams began making tr... 
Niners star defender Willis retires at age 30: San Francisco 49ers linebacker Patrick Willis retired from the ... 
Laurent Blanc: PSG must not be provoked by Chelsea's Diego Costa: Paris Saint-Germain boss Laurent Blanc has c... 
AEG abandons plan to build NFL stadium in downtown Los Angeles: By Alex Dobuzinskis LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - AE... 
Mousa Dembele must step up as Spurs face a must-win game vs. Man United: Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez was drunk with alleged victim before killing: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reut... 
How Diego Costa can regain UCL form: Diego Costa is averaging 42 touches per 90 minutes in the Champions Leagu... 
Fabregas and Chelsea search for all-conquering early season form: Former Chelsea defender Frank Leboeuf previe... 
Leones Negros move up Power Rankings after another big upset: Leones Negros celebrate the game-winning goal sc... 
Borussia Dortmund start 'no beer for racists' campaign with 1m beermats: Borussia Dortmund have started a "no ... 
Man United face FA fine after six players enter book against Arsenal: Manchester United are set to be punished... 
Arsenal monitor Neven Subotic, eye summer move for Dortmund defender: Arsenal are eyeing a summer move for Bor... 
Yaya Toure would make Inter Milan move from Man City, says Mancini: Roberto Mancini says he believes Yaya Tour... 
Pep Guardiola, Bayern look to avoid another Real shock against Shakhtar: Bayern Munich manager Pep Guardiola s... 
Danny Welbeck refuses to take the credit after knocking out Man United: Danny Welbeck refused to take any pers... 
Saido Berahino spotted at Manchester United, Leo Messi saga continues: Saido Berahino's presence at Old Traffo... 
San Francisco 49ers player arrested for domestic violence: Five-year NFL veteran Bruce Miller, a fullback with... 
Lahm hungry for more success: Bayern Munich captain Philipp Lahm has spoken of his sides desire to win the UEF... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Ancelotti's future:  
Babysitter says ex-NFL star came on to her day before murder: (Story refiled to correct dates in the first and... 
Manchester United's lack of progress under LVG on display in Arsenal loss:  
UPDATE 1-Babysitter says ex-NFL star came on to her day before murder: (Corrects dates in first and second par... 
PSG attack must improve to stand chance of Champs League progression: ESPN FC's Frank Leboeuf examines Paris S... 
Texans drop top receiver Johnson after 12 seasons: Andre Johnson was released by the Houston Texans on Monday,... 
Arsene Wenger hails Danny Welbeck's mental strength against his old club: MANCHESTER -- Arsene Wenger hailed D... 
Welbeck The Hero For Arsenal: Louis van Gaal was happy to sell Danny Welbeck, citing his inconsistent scoring ... 
Free agency start sparks plenty of early move talk: Anticipation of Tuesday's start of National Football Leagu... 
Ricardo Ferretti hides pitch-side, 'big four' fail in wild Liga MX weekend: United States defender Greg Garza ... 
Miroslav Klose nets twice as Lazio hammer Fiorentina: Lazio moved up to third in Serie A on Monday night with ... 
Liverpool's FA Cup road to Wembley must go through Blackburn after draw: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth breaks down Liv... 
Babysitter says ex-NFL star had suspects over before murder: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - ... 
Seattle Sounders top the MLS Power Rankings after impressive start: Clint Dempsey scored twice against his for... 
Gianfranco Zola's Cagliari reign ended after less than 3 months: Gianfranco Zola has been sacked as coach of C... 
Barcelona and Messi flying as Real Madrid and Cristiano Ronaldo slump: FC Barcelona outclassed Rayo Vallecano ... 
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho not special for me, says PSG's David Luiz: David Luiz has said he does not consider... 
Ryan Giggs: Manchester United want next season's Premier League title: Ryan Giggs has said Manchester United w... 
Arsenal can handle trip to Man United, says Arsene Wenger: Arsene Wenger has backed his Arsenal players to get... 
Wayne Rooney can drive Man United to FA Cup glory, says Van Gaal: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal believ... 
Premier League Top-4 projections: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti weighs in on Tottenham's chance to snatch a Top-4 spo... 
Man United-Arsenal rivalry lacks fire?: Our football experts examine why the rivalry between Manchester United... 
Chelsea enter the race for Marquinhos' signature, LVG scouts Danny Ings: After PSG defender Marquinhos was lin... 
Icardi, Inter deny Napoli; Roma draw with Chievo, fall further behind Juve: Mauro Icardi denied Napoli the vic... 
Atletico, Valencia fight to valiant draw in Madrid: Shkodran Mustafi's header ensured a draw at the Vicente Ca... 
Liverpool Held In Check By Blackburn: Liverpool's attack earned average scores across the board against a soli... 
Ex-Jet Chris Johnson hurt in drive-by shooting: NFL running back Chris Johnson was wounded in the shoulder ear... 
Bayer Leverkusen push past Paderborn, rise to fourth in Bundesliga: Bayer Leverkusen rose to fourth in the Bun... 
Roma draw with Chievo, fall further behind Juve; Parma earn a point: An eighth draw in nine Serie A matches sa... 
WATCH: United, Arsenal FA Cup encounters: Ahead of Monday's quarterfinal between the arch rivals, we relive so... 
No Gerrard As Liverpool Host Blackburn: Club captain Steven Gerrard isn't in the Reds' matchday squad for thei... 
Messi hat trick puts Barca back atop La Liga: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson breaks down all the action from the Cam... 
Lionel Messi hat trick sees Barcelona top of La Liga: Lionel Messi scored a record-breaking 24th Primera Divis... 
Aston Villa pitch invasion set to be investigated by Football Association: The Football Association has confir... 
Diego Costa: I was close to joining Liverpool from Atletico Madrid: Diego Costa has revealed he nearly left At... 
LIVE GameCast: Barca vs. Rayo Vallecano:  
Can Arsene Wenger finally end Arsenal's misery at Old Trafford?: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger reflected on hi... 
Luis Enrique wary of 'attractive' Vallecano: With 12 games remaining in the La Liga season, Barcelona manager ... 
Man United to ditch Angel Di Maria for Gareth Bale or Memphis Depay?: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno explains why ... 
Filippo Inzaghi's tactical nightmare costs AC Milan vs. Verona: Milan head coach Filippo Inzaghi has quashed r... 
Arsenal's 1999 FA Cup semi defeat to Man United still haunts Arsene Wenger: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has ... 
Louis van Gaal says FA Cup important, but not Man United's priority: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal ... 
Paris Saint-Germain regain top spot in Ligue 1 with big win: Paris Saint-Germain responded to Marseille's 6-1 ... 
Nico Lopez scores last-gasp equaliser for Hellas at AC Milan: Substitute Nico Lopez punished AC Milan for tryi... 
Benzema and Kroos culpable among Real Madrid's underperformers: Real Madrid may not be league leaders much lon... 
Aston Villa off to Wembley for FA Cup semifinal after win over West Brom: Fabian Delph's first goal in a year ... 
Madrid drop costly three points at Bilbao: Real Madrid may not be league-leaders much longer if Barcelona defe... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic leads PSG to top of Ligue 1 table with win: PARIS -- Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored one goal and... 
Arsene Wenger: Arsenal successor can deliver something exceptional: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has vowed to... 
Bayern Munich fight back against Hannover to extend Bundesliga lead: Bayern Munich came from behind at Hannove... 
Atletico face fight with Valencia in intriguing race for La Liga top three: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego S... 
Vital Points At Stake: Tottenham will look to Harry Kane and Christian Eriksen as they aim to close the gap on... 
Jamie Carragher defends Man United's Louis van Gaal, no chance of title race: Former Liverpool defender Jamie ... 
LIVE GameCast: Bradford vs. Reading:  
Tottenham boss Mauricio Pochettino rules out U.S. preseason tour: There will be no long-haul preseason tour fo... 
Jonny Evans and Papiss Cisse banned by FA after spitting at each other: The Football Association has announced... 
Liverpool and Blackburn a chance for a trip down memory lane to 1995: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley d... 
Chivas lose Liga MX match 1-0 on late strike from Queretaro's Mario Osuna: Mario Osuna scored a late winner to... 
Paul Pogba deal agreed with PSG? Pellegrini under fire at Man City: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti explains why Italy ... 
Lynch signs extension with Seahawks: (Reuters) - Running back Marshawn Lynch has signed a two-year extension w... 
Jason Kreis ready for competitive soccer again as NYCFC face Orlando: Fan excitement has reached a fever pitch... 
Lynch reportedly set for Seahawks return: Los Angeles (AFP) - "Beast Mode" is back, according to an ESPN repor... 
Club America, Pachuca both seek a winning rebound from shock defeats: Gustavo Matosas must have Club America f... 
PSG welcome the return of Ibrahimovic and Motta in match vs. Lens: PSG attacker Javier Pastore says his side's... 
New York City FC manager Jason Kreis is ready to prove you wrong: ESPN FC's Taylor Twellman discusses the attr... 
Ohio State football player showed no signs of a brain disease - coroner: An Ohio State football player who com... 
Jonny Evans pleads not guilty in Cisse spitting case: Manchester United defender Jonny Evans has pleaded not g... 
Colts dump top receiver Wayne after 14 seasons: Reggie Wayne, a 14-year NFL veteran wide receiver who helped I... 
Colts opt not to re-sign veteran receiver Wayne: (Reuters) - The Indianapolis Colts said on Friday they will n... 
Evans-Cisse spitting row, MLS strike averted, Ronaldo does return U-turn: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Ross Dyer... 
What do you dislike most in football?: The FC TV panel have their say. What do you think? Vote now!

... 
Kane and Eriksen boost Spurs but supporting cast must step up: Some suggest Tottenham have not been given much... 
Paul Scholes' criticism of Mesut Ozil rejected by Arsenal's Arsene Wenger: LONDON -- Arsenal manager Arsene We... 
PSG star Zlatan Ibrahimovic to play for eight more years - agent Mino Raiola: Zlatan Ibrahimovic's agent has t... 
Jonny Evans needs Man United fans' support to play his best football: The Football Association has charged bot... 
Champions League clash with Shakhtar dominates Bayern agenda: Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola is pleased wit... 
Joffre Guerron, Tigres on track with Copa Libertadores draw vs. River Plate: The enduring image of the 2015 Co... 
Rob Schneider shows his support for Mexican club Tigres: Former "Saturday Night Live" star Rob Schneider loves... 
Uninspired Juventus down, but not out, after Fiorentina loss: Claudio Marchisio &amp; Co. gave a disappointing acc... 
Jones-Drew retires from NFL: Former Jacksonville Jaguars star running back Maurice Jones-Drew, who won the lea... 
Adam Lallana says Jordan Henderson on another level as captain: Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana believes cap... 
Evans-Cisse "Spitgate" in need of some perspective: Louis van Gaal and John Carver both claimed not to have se... 
Gerrard's role is different but still vital:  
Manning takes first pay cut to return to Broncos: Peyton Manning, who finished second in the league with 39 to... 
Mohamed Salah's brace gives Fiorentina advantage over Juventus: Raising his tally to six goals in seven matche... 
Burley: Six games is a long time: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Ross Dyer discuss whether a potential six-game ba... 
Ex-NFL star's car matched tracks at murder scene, police testify: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachusetts... 
Torino's form, Europa League progress restoring glory to a historic Italian club: Torino became the first Ital... 
Barcelona and Athletic Bilbao are familiar Copa del Rey final opponents: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno believes B... 
Is a six-game ban for spitting at an opponent correct?:  
Real Madrid's James Rodriguez set to miss clasico vs. Barca with injury: James Rodriguez is not expected to be... 
Winston Reid signs new West Ham contract: Winston Reid has ended the speculation surrounding his future by agr... 
Mario Mandzukic given chance to shine in Antoine Griezmann's absence: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth weighs in on Atlet... 
Samuel Umtiti wanted by five Prem clubs, Radamel Falcao given a lifeline: Reports in Spain suggest the agent o... 
Another Marco Reus injury scare as Dortmund progress in the cup: Borussia Dortmund was able to eliminate Dynam... 
Manning reportedly set to return, take pay cut: Five-time NFL Most Valuable Player Peyton Manning will return ... 
Jordan Henderson leads LFC by example:  
Swansea's Bafetimbi Gomis OK after collapsing, wanted to continue: Bafetimbi Gomis' collapse had those inside ... 
David Alaba and Franck Ribery lead lackadaisical Bayern Munich to win: David Alaba and Mario Gotze both netted... 
Eden Hazard's goal enough as Chelsea edge West Ham 1-0 at Upton Park: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Eden Hazard (22'... 
Lahm: World Cup best moment of my life: Ex-Germany International Philipp Lahm has recalled winning the World C... 
Growth of soccer in U.S. no threat to NFL ratings: Fox: By Steve Keating NEW YORK (Reuters) - Soccer may be a ... 
Bills make deal for Vikings quarterback Cassel: New coach Rex Ryan has the Buffalo Bills in a deal-making mode... 
Vincent Kompany dropped for Manchester City against Leicester: Vincent Kompany has been dropped for Manchester... 
Florida shooting inadmissible in ex-NFL star murder trial: judge: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachusetts... 
Manchester United have yet to decide on Radamel Falcao future - report: Manchester United have not yet made a ... 
Julian Speroni is a Crystal Palace hero but his time may be up at Selhurst: Julian Speroni's latest error, thi... 
Tim Sherwood and passion may just be enough to keep Aston Villa afloat: Tim Sherwood was the centre of attenti... 
Brendan Rodgers credits Palace loss as the catalyst for Liverpool's good form: Brendan Rodgers admits Liverpoo... 
Danilo reps in talks with Manchester United, Real Madrid join Vietto chase: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho insi... 
Hayne inks three-year deal with 49ers as undrafted free agent: (Reuters) - The San Francisco 49ers confirmed o... 
PSG need to take advantage of fatigued Monaco in CDF cup clash: Paris Saint-Germain head coach Laurent Blanc s... 
John Terry has the fire to play for Chelsea for years to come, says Jose Mourinho: Chelsea manager Jose Mourin... 
Rice details bruising career before declaring brain donation: By Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - It was a long... 
NFL-Rice details bruising career before declaring brain donation: By Larry Fine NEW YORK, March 3 (Reuters) - ... 
AS Roma draw vs. Juventus proves that they aren't ready for contention: Roma head coach Rudi Garcia has praise... 
Weatherford, Rice to donate brains for medical research: By Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - New York Giants pu... 
Tottenham focus must now turn to Champions League surge: Swansea City manager Garry Monk discusses Harry Kane'... 
Lionel Messi voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for February: The ESPN FC crew believe Lionel Messi is the fron... 
Ancelotti made right call in replacing Isco with Illarramendi: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti breaks down Real Ma... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez texted murder victim before his death: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachusetts (Reu... 
Orlando City SC -- what you need to know about MLS' newest franchise: ESPN FC's Taylor Twellman discusses the ... 
NFL's Ravens, Rice settlement was for $1.59 million: report: (Reuters) - The settlement of a wrongful terminat... 
New York City FC -- what you need to know about MLS' newest franchise: ESPN FC's Taylor Twellman discusses the... 
Manchester City boss Pellegrini denies pressure to win trophies: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini has insisted ... 
Arsenal need energy against QPR, so time to drop Mesut Ozil: Arsene Wenger insists his side are nowhere near t... 
Former Barcelona presidents give evidence in La Masia court case: Former Barcelona presidents Sandro Rosell an... 
Arsenal catching Man City for second is possible, says Arsene Wenger: Arsene Wenger believes his Arsenal side ... 
How Wolfsburg went from bland and boring to one of the Bundesliga's best: Wolfsburg head coach Dieter Hecking ... 
FA and Kick It Out confirm incidents of discrimination are on the rise: The number of reported incidents of di... 
Australian Hayne closer to NFL dream with 49ers futures deal: Australian rugby league international Jarryd Hay... 
Juventus' apprehension keeps them from extending points gap over Roma: Juventus' tentative approach allowed 10... 
Extra time: Most exciting Prem team?:  
Victim's sister takes stand in ex-NFL star's murder trial: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachusetts (Reute... 
Peru's poor away record the first piece of business for new boss Gareca: Argentine Ricardo Gareca is charged w... 
Ancelotti's "untouchables" stance isn't helping Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti breaks down Real Madr... 
Top receivers Bryant, Thomas get 'franchise' tag: Two top National Football League receivers, Dez Bryant of th... 
Canadian broadcaster fights ban on domestic ads during Super Bowl: The exclusive Canadian broadcaster of the S... 
Roma Seek Revenge: Roma vs. Juventus is already one of Italian football's greatest rivalries. With the hosts d... 
Gabriel gives Arsenal chance to rest over-used Mertesacker: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger praises his side for... 
Jose Mourinho proves once more why he's 'special' with Wembley victory: The ESPN FC panel highlight Chelsea ma... 
Steven Gerrard could make Liverpool return vs. Burnley - Brendan Rodgers: LIVERPOOL -- Steven Gerrard is in co... 
Guinea minister: 'Not possible' to move African Nations Cup 2023 to June: The African Nations Cup (ANC) finals... 
NHL concussion lawsuit following a path blazed by the NFL: By Steve Ginsburg WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Gary Leema... 
West Ham must keep faith with Sam Allardyce amid poor run of form: Sam Allardyce is coming under heavy pressur... 
Mourinho's New Era Of Dominance?: After Chelsea beat Spurs in the Capital One Cup, the baton at Stamford Bridg... 
Ancelotti defends Isco in Madrid draw with Villarreal, Barca back in business: ESPN FC's Gabriele Marcotti bre... 
Leonardo Jardim: Monaco tired vs. Paris Saint-Germain after Arsenal: Leonardo Jardim has claimed his Monaco si... 
Gary Neville: Man City squad should be embarrassed by Liverpool defeat: Former Manchester United captain Gary ... 
Harry Kane: Worst feeling in the world to lose Capital One Cup final: Harry Kane has said Tottenham Hotspur's ... 
John Terry Chelsea's Trophy Hero: Diego Costa received accolades, but it was John Terry who led the way in Che... 
Javier Pastore, Edinson Cavani draw blanks as PSG miss chance to go top: Javier Pastore, left, and Edinson Cav... 
Chivas Guadalajara look like Liga MX best in win vs. Monterrey: Carlos Salcedo celebrates after scoring in Chi... 
Raphael Varane wants Man United move; Mario Balotelli to MLS?: After PSG defender Marquinhos was linked with a... 
Pochettino: Busy schedule not an excuse: Tottenham head coach Mauricio Pochettino says his side must learn to ... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 27: Wayne Rooney, left, broke out of his recent slump with two goals vs. Sunderland.
... 
Chelsea's new trophy, Real Madrid's slip, World Cup timing, MLS strike: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Chelsea'... 
Suarez, Rakitic and Bravo prove their worth in Barcelona's win over Granada: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps B... 
Tottenham unable to summon any brilliance against Chelsea: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Chelsea's dominant pe... 
Atletico defence helps salvage a point in Sevilla: ESPN FC's Tommy Smyth weighs in on Atletico Madrid's nil-ni... 
Vintage Costa Leads Chelsea To Victory: Diego Costa is aggressive, menacing and full of trouble for any oppone... 
Chelsea defence rises up to stop Spurs and claim silverware: Chelsea claimed the first piece of silverware thi... 
Superb Day For Chelsea: Chelsea secured the first of what could be three trophies for the club this campaign, ... 
Blues stifle Spurs to win Capital One Cup: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps Chelsea's dominant performance agains... 
Arsenal rebound from Champions League defeat with win vs. Everton: ESPN FC's Craig Burley talks Arsenal's vict... 
David Ospina the unexpected star as Arsenal hold on for victory vs. Everton: ESPN FC's Craig Burley talks Arse... 
Coutinho branded 'sensational' by Rodgers after Liverpool wonder goal: LIVERPOOL -- Brendan Rodgers hailed Phi... 
Coutinho the 'little magician' can take Liverpool a long way, says Lallana: Adam Lallana insists Liverpool can... 
LIVE Boot Room: Arsenal vs. Everton:  
Howard Webb urged to come out of retirement by former refs' chief: The former head of the referees' board Keit... 
Club America caught napping in surprise loss to Leones Negros: Martin Zuniga, right, of America battles Marcel... 
Man United job 'surprised' Louis van Gaal, says Sir Bobby Charlton: Sir Bobby Charlton thinks Louis van Gaal w... 
Liverpool after Asier Illarramendi, Dortmund to swoop for Paulo Dybala?: Asier Illarramendi has been short on ... 
Ivan Rakitic, Luis Suarez lead Barca, while Alberto Bueno nets four for Rayo: Ivan Rakitic and Luis Suarez tea... 
Photo gallery from Saturday's games:  
Borussia Dortmund open floodgates in derby win over Schalke: Borussia Dortmund celebrate in front of a packed ... 
Arsenal picking up the pieces after Champions League horror show: The ESPN FC panel discuss the necessary elem... 
"Batman" Aubameyang and "Robin" Reus:  
Barcelona tough it out to earn a valuable three points vs. Granada: Ivan Rakitic's stellar play of late was re... 
Rooney Double Sends United Third: Man United climbed above Arsenal in the Premier League table for 24 hours at... 
Premier League and League Cup team news: Injuries and suspensions: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol believes Robin van Pe... 
Real Madrid set to benefit as Villarreal rest stars at Bernabeu: The ESPN FC crew weigh in on the possibility ... 
Manchester United's Ander Herrera: I wish I could play every game: Ander Herrera has told The Telegraph that h... 
LIVE GameCast: West Ham v Palace:  
Daniel Sturridge, Jordan Henderson fit for Liverpool against Man City: Daniel Sturridge has been cleared to pl... 
Five questions in advance of Liverpool vs. Manchester City: Jordan Henderson makes a special appearance in the... 
Tottenham's Mauricio Pochettino facies tough squad choices vs. Chelsea: Mauricio Pochettino is not losing slee... 
Atletico Madrid can solidify La Liga place with win vs. fifth-placed Sevilla: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol believes t... 
Peterson eager for return after judge overturns suspension: (Reuters) - Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian ... 
Bayern Munich strike early, pull away to defeat Cologne: Bayern Munich picked up a further three points to mov... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez sent urgent text on night of murder: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Massachusetts (Reute... 
Robert Lewandowski vs. Pep Guardiola at Bayern Munich? Don't believe it yet: Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola... 
Liverpool cleared of financial fair play breaches but Hull City fined: Liverpool have been cleared of financia... 
Manuel Pellegrini: Manchester City have advantage over Liverpool: MANCHESTER -- Manuel Pellegrini believes Man... 
Arsene Wenger should stand by crestfallen Olivier Giroud vs. Everton: The ESPN FC crew debate the lack of qual... 
Going to the game? Pack earplugs and lose the vuvuzela, WHO says: Sports fans risk having their hearing ruined... 
Liverpool and Manchester City can declare Premier League intentions: Jordan Henderson makes a special appearan... 
Why do English clubs struggle in the UCL?:  
Costa Rica's Alajuelense beat D.C. United 5-2 as Jose Ortiz scores twice: SAN JOSE, Costa Rica -- Costa Rica's... 
Bilic: Liverpool were competition favourites: Besiktas manager Slaven Bilic believes Liverpool were the UEFA E... 
Osvaldo scores in Boca Juniors debut; Morela hat trick fuels Santa Fe: Argentinian giants Boca Juniors made it... 
Chelsea join Man United in Nathaniel Clyne fray; Pastore to stay at PSG: Nathaniel Clyne is one of the hottest... 
Does Arsene Wenger deserve to be sacked?:  
Sterling, Sturridge fail to spark Liverpool at Besiktas: Besiktas knocked Liverpool out of the Europa League o... 
Parma's recent financial failures in Serie A disgrace a once-proud club: Alessandro Lucarelli says that the Pa... 
Dallas Cowboys' Dez Bryant linked to incident at Walmart parking lot: By Lisa Maria Garza and Jon Herskovitz D... 
Fiorentina oust Tottenham from Europa League: Tottenham crashed out of the Europa League in the round of 32&amp;nb... 
Vikings rusher Peterson reinstated by US judge: A US federal judge overturned on Thursday the National Footbal... 
Sepp Blatter's accusations of racism 'deranged,' say Times reporters: Reporters from the Sunday Times have res... 
U.S. judge rules for Vikings' Peterson in NFL discipline case: (Reuters) - Minnesota Vikings running back Adri... 
Balotelli And Sturridge Start: After scoring the winner in the first leg of the Europa League Round of 32 tie,... 
Ex-NFL star bought drinks, smoked pot before murder: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) -... 
Why do English clubs struggle in the Champions League?: The ESPN FC crew debate the lack of quality shown by E... 
Jose Mourinho needs a balanced Chelsea midfield in League Cup final: The FA have reduced Nemanja Matic's ban f... 
Mauricio Pochettino: Tottenham must be creative to make Champions League: Mauricio Pochettino has told German ... 
Arsenal players must be picked off the floor by Arsene Wenger: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts to Arsenal's 'emb... 
Gael Clichy: Man City owner wants Champions League improvement: Gael Clichy has conceded that Manchester City ... 
Arsenal 'painfully naive,' Monaco 'like a dream' - media reaction: The English media was highly critical of Ar... 
Christian Eriksen, the most underrated player in the Premier League: Christian Eriksen scores goals, creates t... 
Arsenal savaged by TV pundits after 'miserable' Monaco defeat: Television pundits including Arsenal legend Thi... 
Monaco trio, Paul Pogba, Luis Suarez headline the UCL Team of the Week: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti reacts to Arsen... 
Club America rest players and still get midweek CCL win vs. Saprissa: Club America's Osvaldo Martinez, left, a... 
Wenger: Arsenal doomed by weak mentality, 'suicidal' defending in loss: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger hit out ... 
Familiar Failings For Arsenal: This was meant to be the last-16 match where Arsene Wenger rewrote his inexcusa... 
Joao Miranda best for Atletico Madrid in a disappointing loss to Leverkusen: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson recaps B... 
Arsenal woeful all around in Champions League loss to Monaco: Arsenal's horrible defending sees them concede t... 
Shells near ex-NFL star's alleged victim, in car, from same gun: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass.... 
LIVE GameCast: Leverkusen vs. Atletico:  
Borussia Dortmund positioned finely for return leg against Juventus: There were defensive mistakes on both sid... 
Martin Demichelis: Barcelona's Luis Suarez had already proved quality: Manchester City defender Martin Demiche... 
Truly spectacular freekick fail spotted in Tunisian Cup: If you're currently sat at home lamenting the fact th... 
Suarez Adds Goals To His Work Rate: To anyone not following closely, Luis Suarez may have underwhelmed at Barc... 
Liverpool move Anfield's Shankly Gates as part of expansion works: Liverpool's Shankly Gates have been placed ... 
Kevin De Bruyne: Jose Mourinho never explained lack of chances: Former Chelsea midfielder Kevin De Bruyne has ... 
Winter World Cup should be accepted, says FIFA chief Jerome Valcke: FIFA general secretary Jerome Valcke says ... 
David De Gea deal would send a signal - Man Utd legend Peter Schmeichel: Manchester United legend Peter Schmei... 
Lawmakers approve new Los Angeles stadium plan: report: (Reuters) - Lawmakers on Tuesday night approved plans ... 
Neymar in apparent sideline altercation with Manchester City fan: Barcelona forward Neymar appeared to confron... 
Juventus open lead over Dortmund in tactical Champions League battle: There were defensive mistakes on both si... 
Manchester City's annual Champions League agony continues vs. Barcelona: MANCHESTER, England -- The agony that... 
Luis Enrique happy with win, not concerned by Messi's penalty miss: Barcelona coach Luis Enrique said he was v... 
Jurgen Klopp: Borussia Dortmund still have a chance despite Juventus loss: Borussia Dortmund coach Jurgen Klop... 
Barcelona Edge Man City In Thriller: Things are set up nicely for the second leg: Luis Suarez's two goals gave... 
ESPN suspends anchor Olbermann over Penn State tweets: (Reuters) - ESPN on Tuesday suspended anchor Keith Olbe... 
Arsenal beware, Leonardo Jardim's Monaco are a tough nut to crack: Arsene Wenger looks ahead to facing his for... 
KNVB hoping to persuade four home nation FAs about video technology: Representatives of the Royal Dutch Footba... 
Isco's Real Madrid rise a good lesson for frustrated Jese: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti praises his team'... 
Ex-NFL star's fiancée looked nervous day after alleged slay: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Re... 
Chelsea's Nemanja Matic sees ban reduced to two matches: Nemanja Matic's suspension has been reduced to two ma... 
Mauro Icardi must stay at Inter: key points from their 2-1 win vs. Cagliari: Icardi scored another vital goal ... 
Jack Wilshere misses training ahead of Arsenal vs. Monaco clash: Arsene Wenger has revealed that&amp;nbsp;Jack Wil... 
Borussia Dortmund welcome back midfield duo ahead of Juventus test: Borussia Dortmund midfielders Sebastian Ke... 
Premier League referee assessor backs Atkinson on Chelsea decisions - report: The Premier League delegate over... 
Manchester United's 10 expiring contracts: Should they stay or go?: Robin van Persie has not hit the heights o... 
Serie A and Serie B need to be cut, says Italian FA chief Carlo Tavecchio: President of the Italian FA (FIGC) ... 
Raheem Sterling edges closer to signing new Liverpool contract: Liverpool sensation Raheem Sterling has indica... 
Manchester City's Time To Shine: After all the millions they have spent and all the success they have had dome... 
Roma's Hellas Verona draw highlights the issues with Rudi Garcia's squad: Sunday's draw with Hellas Verona was... 
Analysing the factors behind Chelsea's current malaise: The ESPN FC panel weigh on Diego Costa's dive and Nema... 
Atletico Madrid visiting Bayer Leverkusen at opportune time: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone expresse... 
FC TV: What is Man United's identity?:  
Barca are more than capable of springing an upset at Man City: Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta knows how t... 
Palmer: Ambitous Man City need win vs. Barca:  
Liverpool have adapted to Luis Suarez's Barca transfer, says Joe Allen: Liverpool have at last adapted to life... 
Standing leap by NFL hopeful beats long jump mark: Byron Jones, a collegiate American football star hoping for... 
Juventus must find a way to cope with Dortmund's pressure: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti breaks down Borussia Dortmun... 
Gerard Pique says Manchester City will miss Yaya Toure against Barcelona: MANCHESTER -- Gerard Pique believes ... 
How Malaga beat Barcelona and what Manchester City can learn from it: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno believes this... 
Cardinals extend deals for coach Arians, top exec: The Arizona Cardinals, coming off their best back-to-back N... 
NYCFC, David Villa move beyond the Lampard mess and finally take the field: Our experts weigh in on the motive... 
Bangs heard near site where ex-NFL star's alleged victim found: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters)... 
Arsene Wenger's reunion with Monaco dredges up unpleasant memories: Prepare for historic matches of the round ... 
Manchester United's season starts now and a Champions League place is vital: ESPN FC's Stuart Holden believes ... 
DC United, America seek CONCACAF Champions League semifinals: After winning a CONCACAF championship in 1998 as... 
Are Mourinho's Complaints Backfiring?: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho loves to play mind games, but after a ser... 
Liverpool's different kind of season is almost as pleasing: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Philippe Coutinho goal (3'... 
Barcelona Issues Return?: Things are not well at Barcelona again after a defeat to Malaga this weekend, while ... 
Mourinho correct about Atkinson display at Chelsea, says Hackett: Martin Atkinson's refereeing performance in ... 
Radamel Falcao could return to Monaco from Manchester United: Monaco are waiting for Manchester United to make... 
Brazilian player bitten by police dog: A police officer's dog was involved in the incident.

A Braz... 
Man City On Track, Barnes Afoul: A convincing 5-0 win vs. Newcastle combined with dropped points by Chelsea ha... 
Liverpool may move for Chelsea's Petr Cech, Spurs target 'new' Paul Pogba: Jose Mourinho has said he has the b... 
Premier League competition for UCL spots best in history, says Wenger: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes ... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - The Seattle Seahawks might be moving closer to a reso... 
Former policeman apologises for his involvement in Chelsea racism incident: A former policeman, who is one of ... 
Real Madrid extend their La Liga lead with win over Elche: Karim Benzema's opener was little more than a tap i... 
Liverpool bend but don't break under examination from Southampton: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers is please... 
Barcelona must be more creative when they face Manchester City: Malaga went into Camp Nou and won on Saturday ... 
Tottenham earn point from West Ham despite poor performance: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Harry Kane goal (90'+6') ... 
The absence of Nemanja Matic will prove problematic for Chelsea: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho identified minutes... 
Dost wins it for Wolfsburg: Bas Dost scored his eighth and ninth goals of 2015 as Wolfsburg claimed a 2-1 win ... 
Louis van Gaal's biggest concern is Man United's defence, above all else: Swansea completed their first-ever l... 
Last gasp Romelu Lukaku snatches draw for Everton vs. Leicester: Leicester were denied a vital victory in thei... 
Point Of Concern For Spurs: Tottenham were jubilant after yet another comeback but the truth is that this was ... 
Jose Mourinho risks suspension, calls Ashley Barnes' tackle 'criminal': Jose Mourinho said he was willing to r... 
Tim Sherwood's honeymoon period ends early as Aston Villa lose to Stoke: Stoke spoiled Tim Sherwood's debut as... 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic wanted Real move as revenge on Pep Guardiola - agent: Zlatan Ibrahimovic's agent has told M... 
Sergio Aguero vs. David Villa: Blindfolded penalty competition: If you saw the ease with which Sergio Aguero s... 
Stephen Constantine needs to help maintain Indian World Cup dream: Englishman Stephen Constantine returns for ... 
Halftime revival shows Chivas Guadalajara are best going forward: Down at halftime, Chivas' two late goals cam... 
Falcao heading to the Bernabeu, Lewandowski to be his replacement?: Wolfsburg midfielder Kevin De Bruyne equal... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - Mercurial linebacker Rolando McClain faces a four-gam... 
Rabiot double eases PSG past Toulouse to pressure title rivals: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc contends that his... 
Manchester City get back on track before crucial UCL tie vs. Barcelona: Manchester City warmed up for Tuesday'... 
Ligue 1: Adrien Rabiot's brace helps PSG back to French summit: Paris St Germain moved to the top of Ligue 1 a... 
Bundesliga: Bayern Munich hammer six past Paderborn: Bayern Munich added six goals to the eight they scored la... 
Martin Odegaard scores first goal for Real Madrid Castilla vs. Barakaldo: You could be forgiven for never havi... 
Falcao Dropped By Man Utd: Ander Herrera starts in midfield for Man Utd against Swansea, while Falcao drops ou... 
Eden Hazard asks Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho for new shin pads: Eden Hazard has asked Jose Mourinho to help dev... 
Samuel Eto'o age a mystery to Sampdoria too, Massimo Ferrero jokes: Sampdoria president Massimo Ferrero has jo... 
Juventus' Paul Pogba would cost Real Madrid ¬100m, agent suggests: Real Madrid twice rejected low-cost deals f... 
Liverpool hope to push through fatigue to beat Southampton: Former professional footballer-turned pundit Alan ... 
Former president: Jose Mourinho couldn't handle Real Madrid pressure: Former Real Madrid president Ramon Calde... 
Manchester United ready to move for Lucas Biglia; Dani Alves Barca update: The ESPN FC panel discuss whether o... 
New Orleans Saints linebacker cleared of domestic battery but faces lawsuit: By Jonathan Kaminsky NEW ORLEANS ... 
Arsenal attack best since Thierry Henry's days at club, says Wenger: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger believes Ja... 
Chelsea apologise to Metro victim over abuse, Mourinho 'ashamed' by incident: Chelsea have issued an apology t... 
Chargers, Raiders discuss possible L.A. move: The Chargers and Raiders have raised the prospect of not one but... 
Marcotti: Gerrard puts Liverpool first:  
Andrea Pirlo's long blast helps Juventus rally to defeat Atalanta: Juventus came from behind to open up a 10-p... 
Steven Gerrard's excitement to join LA Galaxy surprises manager Bruce Arena: LA Galaxy manager Bruce Arena sai... 
Ibrahimovic's availability for Toulouse match is a big boost for injury-hit PSG: ESPN FC's Craig Burley thinks... 
Manchester City hope to put recent struggles behind them vs. Newcastle: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegr... 
Ex-NFL star bought gas, gum shortly before alleged murder: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reut... 
Paris Saint-Germain with only 13 players available for Toulouse clash: PARIS -- Paris Saint-Germain coach Laur... 
Racism rears its head, Barcelona fans under fire, Mario Balotelli criticised: Real Madrid manger Carlo Ancelot... 
Atletico Madrid need to get back on track after Celta disappointment: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop reveals his lates... 
Miralem Pjanic rejects Roma to Liverpool transfer talk: Roma midfielder Miralem Pjanic says he is only focused... 
Robin van Persie and Phil Jones fit for Manchester United vs. Swansea: Robin van Persie and Phil Jones have be... 
Italian PM Matteo Renzi hits out at Feyenoord fans after Rome violence: Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi ha... 
Arsenal's Jack Wilshere set for return from injury to face Crystal Palace: Jack Wilshere could be back in the ... 
Inter Milan were naive against Celtic, Roberto Mancini says: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini said his side s... 
England not winning Euro 2016 would be a failure, says Harry Redknapp: England should "give up" if they do not... 
Was Mario Balotelli right to insist on taking the penalty?:  
Trooper describes evidence seized from ex-NFL star Hernandez' home: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reut... 
Elway believes Manning will return, thrive under new offense: (Reuters) - Denver Broncos General Manager John ... 
Mario Balotelli's penalty carries Liverpool over Besiktas: Mario Balotelli scored a penalty and Liverpool open... 
Barcelona stay on top but Atletico Madrid slip down the Power Rankings: ESPN FC's Santi Solari believes Lionel... 
Everton and Napoli win big in first legs of Europa League round of 32: Romelu Lukaku scored a hat trick in Eve... 
Chelsea suspend three fans over Paris Metro racism incident: Chelsea have suspended three supporters as part o... 
Liverpool players eager for photos with David Beckham at Reds' academy: All is forgiven on Merseyside, apparen... 
Michallik: Players will enjoy winter World Cup: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik weighs in on the effects of the 202... 
Has Louis van Gaal been a flop or will he get it right at Manchester United?: Manchester United manager Louis ... 
Man City must concentrate on Premier League challenge before Barcelona: The ESPN FC crew debate whether or not... 
Luis Figo proposes expanded World Cup, spread of $1 billion FIFA cash: LONDON -- Luis Figo says he would consi... 
Manchester United to wait until summer to renew 2016 deals - sources: Manchester United will wait until the su... 
Massimiliano Allegri in the spotlight as Juventus approach critical juncture: Juventus head coach Massimiliano... 
Manchester United target Spurs' Kyle Walker; Pedro may leave Barcelona: ESPN FC's Janusz Michallik responds to... 
Toni Kroos pilots Real Madrid to victory over Schalke: Cristiano Ronaldo shines once again as Real Madrid down... 
W2W4: Europa League Round of 32: The ESPN FC team preview the Round of 32 matches throughout the Europa League... 
Schalke's Klaas-Jan Huntelaar taken to hospital after injury vs. Real Madrid: Schalke forward Klaas-Jan Huntel... 
Miguel Herrera discusses Mexico's 2015, hints at new faces for El Tri: Miguel Herrera's Mexico has won four of... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez's attorneys question handling of evidence: By Elizabeth Barber BOSTON (Reuters) - Attorn... 
Cardinals sign new two-year deal with Fitzgerald: Larry Fitzgerald, the star receiver who helped spark Arizona... 
Lampard: Manchester City will win Champions League at some point: Midfielder Frank Lampard believes City will ... 
Borussia Dortmund seek to maintain Bundesliga momentum: Jurgen Klopp's Borussia Dortmund beat Mainz 4-2 in the... 
Inter Milan's Mauro Icardi honoured by links to Man United, Chelsea, Liverpool: Inter Milan forward Mauro Icar... 
Brazil legend Ronaldo loses snowball fight in New York: He was used to hitting the target during his illustrio... 
Osasuna and Espanyol deny match-fixing allegations after draw in May: #INSERT type:image caption:La Liga presi... 
Thibaut Courtois display impresses PSG striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic: Zlatan Ibrahimovic praised Chelsea goalkeep... 
Wayne Rooney said sorry to goalkeeper after Preston penalty: Preston goalkeeper Thorsten Stuckmann has told Th... 
Blaise Matuidi, Edinson Cavani power Paris Saint-Germain in Chelsea draw: Paris Saint-Germain head coach Laure... 
Anelka tells Pogba to join Chelsea or Real, Man United tracking Gundogan: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses mid... 
Eden Hazard was fouled 9 times against PSG, says Jose Mourinho: Chelsea's Eden Hazard was fouled nine times in... 
Pepe gives Real Madrid a massive boost with return to action: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson, Alejandro Moreno and S... 
Five Chelsea players limited in training ahead of PSG, Jose Mourinho says: Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho lauded B... 
Courtois the hero for Chelsea as Mourinho's men hold on in Paris: All square in Paris, but the 1-1 scoreline w... 
Bayern and Shakhtar open Champions League round of 16 with sour draw: Three quick thoughts on Shakhtar Donetsk... 
Chelsea Dig Deep For A Draw: PSG were denied repeatedly by the inspired Thibaut Courtois as Chelsea fought and... 
Manchester City's road to European improvement goes through Barcelona: ESPN's NBA correspondent Marc Stein joi... 
Luis Suarez still needs to adjust at Barcelona, says Edinson Cavani: Edinson Cavani has backed Luis Suarez to ... 
Ronaldo, Messi feats distort the value of a goal, Atletico's costly indiscipline: The ESPN FC team are joined ... 
Towel found by ex-NFL star's alleged victim seen in video: lawyer: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reute... 
Cazorla's consistency is making Arsenal's midfield tick: Our experts debate which team is the favourite to win... 
Morocco take African Nations Cup ban, fine to Court of Arbitration for Sport: Morocco have appealed against sa... 
Karim Benzema better than ever but still underrated at Real Madrid: ESPN FC's Santi Solari discusses Real Madr... 
Liga files complaint over Barcelona fans' Cristiano Ronaldo chants: The Liga de Futbol Profesional (LFP) will ... 
Barcelona and Man City are evenly matched, says David Villa: David Villa thinks there is little to choose betw... 
Frank Lampard glad Yaya Toure and Wilfried Bony in Man City squad: Frank Lampard believes Manchester City will... 
Falcao may have to find another home after poor Preston showing: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson discusses Marouane F... 
Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho says PSG wanted him as manager: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho claims that he has tu... 
Real Madrid's Toni Kroos wary of Schalke in Champions League: Real Madrid midfielder Toni Kroos has predicted ... 
Borussia Dortmund set to open Ilkay Gundogan contract talks: Borussia Dortmund are set to open talks with midf... 
Cristiano Ronaldo dribbling imitated by Bayern star Thomas Muller: Real Madrid's Cristiano Ronaldo is a popula... 
Harry Kane has 'enormous potential,' says Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino: Tottenham Hotspur manager Mauricio P... 
Raphael Varane sick of riding the pine, Paulo Dybala priced out of Napoli move: Raphael Varane strutting his s... 
Arrigo Sacchi clarifies 'too many black players' comments: Former coaching great Arrigo Sacchi caused a stir M... 
Bundesliga considering unpopular measures to compete with EPL TV deal: FRANKFURT, Germany -- The Bundesliga is... 
Fellaini inspires Man United to comeback win over Preston North End: ESPN FC's Stewart Robson reacts to Radame... 
Unconvincing Win For Man United: Manchester United may have booked their place in the FA Cup quarterfinals whe... 
Tijuana and Cruz Azul players dominate this week's Liga MX Best XI: This week's Liga MX Best XI comes out in a... 
Chelsea, Jose Mourinho in relaxed mood ahead of latest PSG, Europe test: ESPN FC's Ross Dyer and Craig Burley ... 
Examining Shaka's UCL power rankings: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti, Alejandro Moreno and Steve Nicol pick apart Shak... 
PSG stars Ibrahimovic, Silva need big time performances against Chelsea: Paris Saint-Germain and former Chelse... 
Paris Saint-Germain prepare for Chelsea clash with awful Caen display: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti disagrees with A... 
Colorado Rapids turned down Diego Forlan but remain coy on Kevin Doyle: Colorado Rapids claim to have rejected... 
Liverpool recapturing the spirit of 2013-14 through defensive solidity: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno weighs in o... 
FIFA: Barcelona can sign players, but not register them, before January 2016: FIFA has told Sky Sports News th... 
Barcelona on top as Spanish clubs lead Champions League Power Rankings: The UEFA Champions League is back and ... 
Arsenal Notch Easy Win: Two quick first-half goals from Olivier Giroud were enough as Arsenal booked their FA ... 
Barcelona looms into view for City as season approaches critical point: ESPN FC's Craig Burley and Stuart Hold... 
Gabriel Debuts For Arsenal: Arsenal's big January signing, defender Gabriel Paulista,  makes his club debut as... 
Tim Sherwood sees Aston Villa beat Leicester to reach FA Cup quarterfinals: Tim Sherwood saw his new Aston Vil... 
Kolo Toure confirms international retirement after Ivory Coast win: Kolo Toure has confirmed his retirement fr... 
LIVE GameCast: AC Milan vs. Empoli:  
Arjen Robben: Bayern Munich coach Pep Guardiola one of the best in world: Arjen Robben has told The Observer t... 
Can Guardiola, Ancelotti, Mourinho, Di Matteo win Champions League again?: The UEFA Champions League is back a... 
Sam Allardyce to face the flak after West Ham's shameful FA Cup show: Brown Ideye scored twice as West Brom cr... 
Highlights: Bayern Munich 8-0 Hamburg: Bayern Munich inflicted another humiliating defeat on Hamburg at the Al... 
Jovetic sees no Man City future, Man Utd chase Algeria star, Lukaku move?: Man City manager Manuel Pellegrini ... 
Usain Bolt slams Louis Van Gaal's tactics at Manchester United: The expanse of Louis Van Gaal's critics has sp... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - The New York Jets on Saturday declined to exercise an... 
Real Madrid bounce back from Atletico defeat with win over Depor: Real Madrid took a small step to restoring t... 
Alexis Sanchez's injury is reason for concern, says Arsene Wenger: Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "c... 
Argentina's biggest clubs seek return to Copa Libertadores glory: After claiming the 2014 Copa Sudamericana, R... 
FIFA's World Cup TV rights decision leads to unanswered questions: As FIFA president, Sepp Blatter may face so... 
Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich are 'back in the groove': Pep Guardiola says Bayern Munich are "back in the g... 
Simeone confident in Atletico depth: Atletico Madrid head coach Diego Simeone says that confidence is high aft... 
Fiorentina up to fourth as Mohamed Salah scores in first start: Mohamed Salah celebrated his first Fiorentina ... 
PSG waste two-goal lead, miss chance to move top in Ligue 1: Paris Saint-Germain surrendered a two-goal lead t... 
Sturridge Starts, Balotelli On Bench: Mario Balotelli's late winner for Liverpool in midweek was not enough to... 
For this Juventus team's Champions League hopes, is it now or never?: The UEFA Champions League is back and th... 
Which FA Cup match will end in an upset?:  
Juventus eager to test Llorente, Morata pairing against Cesena: Juventus head coach Massimiliano Allegri insis... 
Roberto Mancini urges Inter to reunite him with Manchester City's Yaya Toure: The ESPN FC team preview Wednesd... 
Commissioner Roger Goodell earned $35 million in 2013: (Reuters) - National Football League commissioner Roger... 
WATCH: Ronaldinho, Queretaro vs. Cruz Azul:  
Top 4 Premier League spot top priority for Arsenal, says Wenger: Arsene Wenger claims every Premier League mat... 
Liverpool's Simon Mingolet says he's no longer 'over-thinking' matters: Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet ha... 
Marseille miss chance to go top of Ligue 1 in draw with Reims: Marseille missed the chance to reclaim top spot... 
Barcelona's new approach forces evolution of Busquets and Iniesta: The ESPN FC crew are joined by Santi Solari... 
Rice offers apologies to Baltimore: Ray Rice, suspended by the NFL last season after video showed him punching... 
Police say found bullets, gun near ex-NFL star's alleged victim: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters... 
Ex-NFL running back Ray Rice apologizes for his assault: By Steve Ginsburg BALTIMORE (Reuters) - Running back ... 
Former US exec says big-time sport a sound TV investment: While analysts debate the fiscal sense of Sky TV pay... 
Who will win the Champions League?:  
Real Madrid star Cristiano Ronaldo repentant, Marca reports: Cristiano Ronaldo is repentant and determined to ... 
Club America's attack showing signs of breaking out: The Cub America attack produced two more goals last week.... 
Alexandre Lacazette to Liverpool, not Arsenal; Ronaldinho to Angola: Lyon forward Alexandre Lacazette is one o... 
Real Madrid, Barcelona and the changing nature of football: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro Moreno prev... 
Real Madrid must be wary of Deportivo copying Atletico's formula: ESPN FC's Mark Donaldson and Alejandro Moren... 
El Tri could feel impact of Liga MX's foreign influence: Chiapas striker Aviles Hurtado may hail from Colombia... 
Eden Hazard can be world's best, says Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho: Jose Mourinho has tipped Eden Hazard to beco... 
Rooney, not Falcao, the answer for Manchester United at striker: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal admi... 
The 2015 African Nations Cup is over, but what next for Equatorial Guinea?: The Ivory Coast celebrated their f... 
Who benefits from the Premier League's new TV deal?: Sports journalist Keir Radnedge says an increase in Premi... 
Branislav Ivanovic escapes FA ban for James McCarthy incident: Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic will not fa... 
Jerome Boateng ban reduction sparks debate over Bundesliga rules: The German Football Association (DFB) has sp... 
Cristiano Ronaldo can be the best for some time yet - Carlo Ancelotti: Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti belie... 
African Nations Cup Best XI has a few things wrong with it: AFCON Best XI

With the African Cup of ... 
Paul Lambert pays for ugly football after Aston Villa slipped into drop zone: The ESPN FC crew analyse how Ast... 
Avram Grant not interested in taking QPR or Aston Villa jobs, says agent: Avram Grant's agent has played down ... 
Fabricio Coloccini could have been blinded by thrown object - John Carver: Fabricio Coloccini was lucky not to... 
Steven Gerrard facing three weeks out with hamstring injury - reports: Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard is fac... 
Louis van Gaal likes Wayne Rooney in midfield role for Man United: Louis van Gaal has told Wayne Rooney he wil... 
Jurgen Klinsmann, Tim Sherwood oddsmakers' favourites for Aston Villa job: The ESPN FC crew analyse how Aston ... 
West Ham's resolute defence secures a hard-earned point at St. Mary's: Southampton had the better of the chanc... 
ESPN FC Extra Time: Lambert out, what's next?: The ESPN FC crew analyse how Aston Villa will move forward foll... 
Angel Di Maria back to his best in Man United's win over Burnley: ENGLISH PREMIER LEAGUE: Robin Van Persie (82... 
Omnipresent Messi puts Barca on cusp of Copa final: Lionel Messi was at the heart of the Barcelona attack in W... 
Willian Hits Late Winner For Chelsea: Chelsea needed an 89th-minute strike from Willian to secure a 1-0 win ov... 
Massachusetts trooper describes finding ex-NFL star's alleged victim: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Re... 
Aston Villa part company with manager Paul Lambert: Aston Villa have announced the departure of manager Paul L... 
Hislop: Hard to replace legends like Casillas: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop believes it will take an awful lot of fa... 
Arsenal must get to the bottom of Ramsey's troublesome hamstring: Arsene Wenger expressed his concern for Aaro... 
After autumn of upheaval, Napoli are climbing the Serie A table in 2015: Napoli's form in 2015 has propelled t... 
Van Gaal Needs 'Help' At Man United: Louis Van Gaal has won the Champions League and league titles with the ga... 
'Big 5' markets spend record $466 million in winter transfer window - FIFA: FIFA's analysis of the 2014-15 win... 
Adam Lallana: Liverpool new boys were always going to need time: Liverpool midfielder Adam Lallana says he nev... 
Tony Fernandes needs to look for Chris Ramsey traits in new QPR boss search: Leroy Fer and Bobby Zamora struck... 
Pennsylvania residents want return of Paterno statue: poll: By Daniel Kelley PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - Pennsylv... 
Long Ball United? An investigation into Louis van Gaal's tactics: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal rej... 
Are Milan right to let Manchester United target Nigel De Jong leave?: AC Milan midfielder Nigel De Jong has be... 
Real Madrid hopes for new-look Bernabeu hit by local court ruling: Real Madrid's project to remodel the Bernab... 
Wayne Rooney may return to Man United attack, Louis van Gaal says: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says ... 
Manchester City are dependent on Yaya Toure but aren't a one-man team: The ESPN FC team preview Wednesday's Pr... 
Jocelyn Gourvennec, the French Klopp looking for his own Dortmund: Guingamp boss Jocelyn Gourvennec's reputati... 
Silver linings for Carlo Ancelotti after a clouded week for Real Madrid: Real Madrid head coach Carlo Ancelott... 
Schweinsteiger ready to leave Bayern, Laudrup making a 'dream' return?: Southampton manager Ronald Koeman insi... 
Emre Can continues his recent strong form for Liverpool against Tottenham: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol says a weight... 
Barcelona hope star trio can lift them over Villarreal in the Spanish Cup: Our experts discuss Barcelona's tit... 
Tottenham's fatigue costs them against a determined Liverpool in loss: Liverpool's Mario Balotelli picked the ... 
Bastian Schweinsteiger or Xabi Alonso? Bayern's midfield dilemma: Bayern Munich are back on the training pitch... 
Mario Balotelli goal for Liverpool could be a 'springboard' for his season: Liverpool hope Mario Balotelli's b... 
Arsenal's Arsene Wenger concern over Aaron Ramsey, Alexis Sanchez injuries: Arsene Wenger has expressed his co... 
Judge orders panel of doctors to evaluate owner of NFL's Saints: New Orleans Saints owner Tom Benson must be e... 
Paris Saint-Germain need results vs. Nantes, Caen to keep momentum: Laurent Blanc was left frustrated after hi... 
Manning begins work for 18th NFL season: New Orleans (AFP) - Denver Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning, yet to... 
Lyon vs. PSG demonstrates why Ligue 1 is among Europe's most dramatic: Lyon head coach Hubert Fournier has hea... 
Sturridge Starts For Liverpool: Daniel Sturridge makes his first start for Liverpool since August, as Brendan ... 
Liverpool v Spurs. Which striker would you rather have?:  
Premier League team news: All the Injuries and suspensions: Mauricio Pochettino says he hopes his team can bui... 
Danny Ings interesting Real Sociedad boss David Moyes: Real Sociedad boss David Moyes has indicated an interes... 
Chelsea expect to have Cesc Fabregas back against Everton on Wednesday: Jose Mourinho expects to have Cesc Fab... 
Harry Kane could be latest Tottenham star to move to Real Madrid: Former Liverpool player Steve Nicol cannot d... 
Seahawks fans duped by Super Bowl ticket scams urged to file complaint: Washington state's top lawyer sought o... 
Are Gio Simeone's U-20 heroics a false dawn or is Diego's son the real deal?: Giovanni Simeone celebrates scor... 
Burley's Boiling Point: Real's blame game: ESPN FC analyst Craig Burley sounds off on the 'sorry excuse makers... 
Tottenham have the confidence to take down Liverpool: The ESPN FC team review Tottenham's 2-1 win over Arsenal... 
Bills convinced Incognito is changed person: Richie Incognito, the offensive lineman at the heart of the Miami... 
Chelsea's passing errors need fixing before Champions League return: The ESPN FC panel debate whether or not C... 
League hires Harvard professor as medical advisor: Nagged by concerns that greater efforts are needed to safeg... 
Liverpool's most crucial spell of the season begins with tricky Spurs visit: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers... 
Marcotti: Rooney in midfield feels wrong: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti cannot understand Louis van Gaal's reasoning ... 
Domestic violence charges against Hardy dropped: Prosecutors announced Monday they have dismissed domestic vio... 
Bills convinced Incognito ready to 'move forward': (Reuters) - The Buffalo Bills officially signed disgraced f... 
Derby Defeat No Blip For Real Madrid: Saturday's thrashing at the hands of Atletico Madrid was no one-off for ... 
Domestic violence charges against NFL's Hardy dropped: (Reuters) - Domestic violence charges were abruptly dro... 
Thiago Silva offers jacket to chilly Lyon mascot before PSG game: Not only is he a world class centre-back and... 
Leicester fans have no choice but to get behind Nigel Pearson: Leicester City manager Nigel Pearson appeared t... 
Manchester City find few home comforts as form continues to dip: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley both a... 
Didier Drogba's priceless reaction to Ivory Coast's AFCON win: Before finally getting their hands on the troph... 
Leeds, Aston Villa and River Plate among the Top 10 dramatic declines: ESPN FC's Raphael Honigstein delves dee... 
Something Has To Change At The Etihad: Manchester City's 1-1 draw at home to lowly Hull means that it's now fi... 
Photo Gallery: The Best of Matchday 24:  
Liverpool's Brendan Rodgers rewarded for starting Jordan Ibe vs. Everton: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers be... 
Prem: Week 24 team of the week: Jordon Ibe and Harry Kane make of the Premier League team of the weekend. 
Obama, Katy Perry team up against domestic abuse at Grammys: By Mary Milliken LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - A powerf... 
Could Thibaut Courtois replace Iker Casillas at Real Madrid?: Real Madrid are rumoured to be interested Chelse... 
David de Gea opens contract talks with Manchester United: David de Gea's agent, Jorge Mendes, has confirmed th... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - Michael Sam, who made headlines last year as the firs... 
Marco Verratti rebounds from recent criticism to lead PSG to draw with Lyon: Marco Verratti, right, used his i... 
De Gea, Rose, Mason, Ibe and Kane all make Team of the Weekend: Tottenham Hotspur boss Mauricio Pochettino bel... 
Real Madrid, Ancelotti must re-focus after derby humiliation vs. Atletico: ESPN FC's Craig Burley praises Atle... 
Barca gain ground on Real after dominant win: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop breaks down FC Barcelona's dominant win o... 
Ivory Coast Win African Nations Cup: After a dull game came a sensational finish: goalkeeper Boubacar Barry sa... 
Ligue 1: Monaco beaten by Guingamp thanks to Dorian Leveque's goal: Monaco spurned the chance to move up to fo... 
Serie A: Pasqual strike seals Fiorentina win, Salah makes debut: Fiorentina's Manuel Pasqual struck a late goa... 
Putin says leaders to meet in Minsk if sides move closer to agreement: Russian President Vladimir Putin said o... 
Ukraine leader sees prospects of ceasefire from next Minsk meeting: Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and l... 
Diego Simeone congratulates son Giovanni for Argentina U20 win: Diego Simeone has taken to social media to con... 
Ukraine leader sees prospects of ceasefire from next Minsk meeting: KIEV (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro... 
Ivory Coast coach Herve Renard: Last chance of glory for big stars: Ivory Coast coach Herve Renard has warned ... 
Tim Cahill and ambitious clubs make for thrilling Chinese Super League: It was an eventful transfer deadline d... 
Harry Kane stands alone as Tottenham's star man vs. Arsenal: Harry Kane inspired boyhood club Tottenham to vic... 
Louis van Gaal places all Manchester United squad members on notice: Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal has... 
Paul Pogba firms as favourite to be Yaya's replacement at Man City: Will Paul Pogba replace Yaya Toure in the ... 
United States prepare for Panama friendly knowing only a win will do: USMNT head coach Jurgen Klinsmann and fo... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - The Buffalo Bills have reached an “agreement in princ... 
Atletico Madrid thrash Real Madrid to open La Liga title battle: Atletico Madrid were in dreamland as they des... 
Juventus prove they're in a league of their own with win over Milan: Juventus celebrate after Carlos Tevez's o... 
Congo DR beat Equatorial Guinea on penalties for third place: DR Congo ended their African Nations Cup campaig... 
Arsenal's failure to involve Cazorla brings Gunners back down to earth: ESPN FC's Craig Burley recaps a brilli... 
Aston Villa fans show shot-shy flops the way to goal vs. Chelsea: It must be incredibly depressing supporting ... 
Harry Kane scores double to net Spurs a comeback win over Arsenal: Harry Kane inspired boyhood club Tottenham ... 
NFL: Judge to consider Peterson suspension: Adrian Peterson said he thought he received a fair hearing from a ... 
Which Saturday derby is most enticing?:  
Angel Di Maria demanded to play after house attacked, says Louis Van Gaal: Manchester United boss Louis van Ga... 
Paul Pogba transfer fee will be more than Cristiano Ronaldo's, agent says: Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri... 
Marco Verratti needs to curb his yellow card problems for PSG's sake: Laurent Blanc was pleased with his side'... 
NFL, players union spar in court over Peterson suspension: By David Bailey MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - The Nationa... 
Cowboys' Randle faces abuse claim: The ex-girlfriend of Dallas running back Joseph Randle is seeking a protect... 
Pats, Seahawks fined for Super Bowl scuffle: New York (AFP) - Seattle linebacker Bruce Irvin was docked $10,00... 
Chelsea's Jose Mourinho wants FFP violators docked points: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho believes clubs that b... 
Tranquillo Barnetta's goal helps Schalke move into third place: Schalke rose above Borussia Monchengladbach in... 
NFL and players union spar in court over Peterson suspension: By David Bailey MINNEAPOLIS (Reuters) - The Nati... 
Barcelona trusting Messi and Neymar to overcome Athletic Bilbao: The ESPN FC crew debate whether or not Neymar... 
Kansas police drop drug charges against Dallas Cowboys player Randle: By Lisa Maria Garza DALLAS, Texas (Reute... 
Vidal and Tevez are Juventus' key men vs. declining Milan: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri has rubbished... 
Family obit, in jest, says Seahawks' Super Bowl play caused death: A Washington state man's obituary jokingly ... 
Dortmund need a win vs. SC Freiburg to avoid relegation panic: The ESPN FC team answer your twitter questions ... 
Klinsmann wants a conversation, not a fight, within the U.S. soccer community: The ESPN FC crew discuss Jurgen... 
Louis van Gaal's Manchester United must perform better to go with results: Craig Burley looks at the race for ... 
Ames: Fan unrest tarnishes AFCON:  
German and French leaders arrive in Moscow for Ukraine talks: MOSCOW (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merk... 
When Tottenham meet Arsenal, what are the key questions to answer?: The FC team debate which team has the bett... 
Germany's Merkel arrives in Moscow for Ukraine talks: MOSCOW (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel arriv... 
Premier League team news: All the Injuries and suspensions: #INSERT type:video END#
Get all the latest team ne... 
Equatorial Guinea fined for fan turmoil in African Nations Cup semi: The Equatorial Guinea football federation... 
Steven Gerrard prepares for final Merseyside Derby before Galaxy move: The ESPN FC panel discuss which Merseys... 
Tottenham-Arsenal, Everton-Liverpool, Atletico-Real: predicted starting XIs: ESPN FC's Shaka Hislop says despi... 
Jose Mourinho seeking to end his Chelsea curse at Aston Villa: Brazilian midfielder Willian says he's living o... 
Ivory Coast golden generation get the chance to live up to the hype: Ivory Coast coach Herve Renard does not b... 
Arsenal's Alexis Sanchez still hopes to face Tottenham, says Arsene Wenger: LONDON -- Arsenal manager Arsene W... 
Real Madrid coach Paul Clement rules himself out of QPR job: Real Madrid coach Paul Clement has ruled himself ... 
Should Torres or Mandzukic complete Simeone's Atletico strike duo?: Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone was wi... 
Arsenal Can Show They're For Real: Saturday's North London derby against rivals Tottenham is the opportunity f... 
Wisconsin mother sues youth football league over son's suicide: (Reuters) - A Wisconsin mother filed a $5-mill... 
Everton's Kevin Mirallas says he's 'ready for a new challenge': Everton's Kevin Mirallas says he's "ready for ... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - Seattle Seahawks safety Earl Thomas played through a ... 
Could Neymar be the world's best?:  
Some items to be removed from ex-NFL star's home before jury visit: (Updates with judge's decision on items in... 
Seahawks' Sherman 'ecstatic' over birth of son: Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman's tough week got a... 
New Jersey school replacing football coach after hazing scandal: A New Jersey high school embroiled in a locke... 
Rate Your Rival: What do Atletico make of Real ahead of Saturday's clash?: Real Madrid's 2-1 win over Sevilla ... 
Seattle Seahawks star Richard Sherman 'ecstatic' over baby boy: Seattle Seahawks star cornerback Richard Sherm... 
Body of ex-NFL star Hernandez's alleged victim had wallet, keys: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass.... 
Neymar's emergence at Barcelona paving the way toward titles: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe responds to Luis Enrique's op... 
LIVE GameCast: Ghana vs. Equatorial Guinea:  
Real Madrid usurp leaders Bayern Munich as Spanish clubs take control: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno discusses ho... 
Ronald Koeman lays his chips on the table: Good luck trying to change Ronald Koeman's mind when it comes to hi... 
Everton &amp; Liverpool rivalry renewed as Rodgers locks horns with Martinez: Liverpool have earned more points th... 
Bayern's Jerome Boateng handed three-match ban for Schalke red card: Bayern Munich centre-back Jerome Boateng ... 
Bayern's two-game slump will help Pep Guardiola's side in the long run: Schalke missed an opportunity to infli... 
Alexis Sanchez ruled out for Arsenal vs. Tottenham with hamstring injury: Arsene Wenger has confirmed that Ale... 
Cristiano Ronaldo class offered by Canadian university: Having just won his third Ballon d'Or, picked up a sus... 
Barcelona's Luis Suarez dresses up as a cowboy in new advert: Once again, corporate sponsorship being what it ... 
Cristiano Ronaldo: 30 reasons to love or hate the 30-year-old: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe wishes Cristiano Ronaldo a h... 
Arsenal have options ahead of North London derby with Spurs: Tomas Rosicky's strike was enough to take the win... 
Mexico coach Miguel Herrera facing striking worries this summer: Chicharito has struggled to make his name at ... 
Gheorghe Hagi: The Maradona of the Carpathians: Gheorghe Hagi is 50 today, so ESPN FC remember the&amp;nbsp;Romani... 
Dortmund fans vent frustrations after Augsburg win: Borussia Dortmund fell to another defeat in the Bundesliga... 
Roberto Mancini brands Inter Milan 'chickens' after Coppa Italia exit: Inter Milan coach Roberto Mancini brand... 
Rodgers' revamped Liverpool formation yet to be exposed: The Premier League title is long gone, and they're ou... 
Per Mertesacker welcomes Gabriel Paulista transfer to Arsenal: Arsenal vice-captain Per Mertesacker believes t... 
World Cup hero Aloisi happy to become Australia's yesterday man: John Aloisi converted the penalty against Uru... 
David Moyes wants Asier Illarramendi, Adebayor turned down Qatar club: Anderson has been unveiled in his home ... 
James Rodriguez out up to two months for Real Madrid with broken foot: Real Madrid's Colombian star James Rodr... 
Coutinho, Can lead Liverpool in dramatic rally over Bolton: Liverpool left it late but eventually overcame ten... 
Barcelona's careless board must offer new contract to Alves: Barcelona president Josep Bartomeu and his succes... 
Dortmund defeat to Augsburg ends hope of immediate turnaround: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti assesses Borussia Dortmu... 
Gonzalo Higuain scores late as Napoli beat Inter Milan in Coppa Italia: Gonzalo Higuain scored deep into injur... 
Linebacker Jackson of NFL's Colts arrested on assault charge: D'Qwell Jackson, the Indianapolis Colts lineback... 
Borussia Dortmund's misery continues with defeat at home to Augsburg: Borussia Dortmund remain rooted to the f... 
Rapper Snoop Dogg's son to hit gridiron at UCLA: Cordell Broadus, the son of rap music star Snoop Dogg, signed... 
Udo Lattek: One of the greatest managers ever to grace the game: Udo Lattek died on Wednesday, shortly after h... 
Lynch escapes fine over Super Bowl week behaviour: Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch will not be fi... 
Remy Cabella voted ESPN FC Player of the Month for January: The ESPN FC crew give their January players of the... 
Liverpool On Upset Alert: After a goalless draw at Anfield, Brendan Rodgers' side travel to Bolton with an FA ... 
'Deflategate's Jackson arrested for assault: Indianapolis Colts linebacker D'Qwell Jackson, whose interception... 
Louis van Gaal charged by FA for post-match comments: The FA has charged Manchester United manager Louis van G... 
Ex-NFL star Hernandez met alleged victim at football game: witness: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reut... 
How To Beat Blatter: How can the would-be FIFA presidents successfully challenge long-time incumbent Sepp Blat... 
Sassuolo have become the envy of Italian football in just 12 months: Domenico Berardi, centre, and his Sassuol... 
Jorge Mendes transfers involving Man United total 229.3 million pounds: Jorge Mendes has negotiated transfers ... 
AC Milan's exciting new stadium a vital part of their future: The San Siro is a great stadium, but not fit for... 
Louis van Gaal keeps Manchester Utd rolling on amid dissent: Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal believes... 
Iniesta As Key As Ever For Barcelona: Zero goals and zero assists in La Liga have led some critics to declare ... 
Boston's Super Bowl parade to draw hearty fans amid massive snow piles: By Tim McLaughlin BOSTON (Reuters) - D... 
Tim Sherwood in talks over Queens Park Rangers manager job: Queens Park Rangers have already had initial discu... 
Vincent Kompany not to blame for Manchester City's struggles: Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini says t... 
Striker booked for doing a handstand in the box before a corner: It's heart-warming to see that over in the UA... 
David De Gea to stay at Manchester United, says Jorges Mendes: David De Gea's agent has told BBC Sport the goa... 
Rodgers: Best Is Yet To Come: Brendan Rodgers insists Liverpool are yet to produce their best football this se... 
Lyon and PSG should be a thrilling clash between Ligue 1 title contenders: PSG head coach Laurent Blanc has pl... 
Cleveland's Gordon gets NFL year ban for repeat alcohol violation: Cleveland Browns receiver Josh Gordon has b... 
Is Mancini's legacy in danger of slipping away at Inter?: Inter Milan president Erick Thohir has backed Robert... 
Anderson blames injuries for his Manchester United predicament: Anderson has claimed knee injuries were respon... 
Maxwell secures PSG's second straight Coupe de la Ligue final in win over Lille: Maxwell celebrates a corker o... 
National Football League roundup: (The Sports Xchange) - Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll indicated Tuesday... 
Bringing Anderson back to Brazil is a big, calculated risk for Internacional: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno discu... 
NFL scores touchdown with Bach but no place in Games: By Steve Keating BEAVER CREEK, Colorado (Reuters) - IOC ... 
Manchester United ease past Cambridge in FA Cup replay: Manchester United overcame Cambridge United in their F... 
PSG reach Coupe de la Ligue final thanks to Maxwell winner: Brazilian defender Maxwell's goal was enough to se... 
Inter Milan's poor Serie A form makes Coppa Italia success critical: Inter Milan president Erick Thohir has ba... 
Southampton improve and retain key players for a change in transfer window: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti believes fi... 
Barcelona could contend for a treble if they can continue momentum: Barcelona had to come from behind twice bu... 
Murder trial of former NFL star Aaron Hernandez resumes: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Reuters) - The ... 
LIVE: Bayern Munich vs. Schalke 04 GameCast:  
Cristiano Ronaldo has £1 billion release clause, says agent Jorge Mendes: Real Madrid forward Cristiano Ronald... 
Dortmund, Chelsea &amp; Inter Europe's best in the January transfer window: Carlo Ancelotti spoke to the media ahe... 
Deadline Day in 90 Seconds: The transfer deadline day came and went and you missed absolutely nothing! 
Anderson leaves Manchester United for Internacional: Internacional have signed Anderson from Manchester United... 
Harry Redknapp quits QPR to undergo knee surgery: Harry Redknapp has resigned as manager of Queens Park Ranger... 
Liverpool's Philippe Coutinho signs new contract that runs until 2020: Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho ... 
A tribute to Darren Fletcher: Manchester United's consummate pro: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti believes it is financ... 
Deli Alli: Tottenham's future star a lot like young Steven Gerrard: Dele Alli has been tipped for a bright fut... 
Andy Kellett: Five things to know about Manchester Utd's latest signing: Andy Kellett is Louis van Gaal's late... 
Ghana boss Avram Grant wants 1-year ban for Guinea keeper Naby Yattara: Ghana boss Avram Grant has called for ... 
Davide Santon denies refusing Inter Milan loan return from Newcastle: Davide Santon has denied that he turned ... 
Remembering the life of Austria legend Bruno Pezzey: By all rights, there should be somebody in Innsbruck, Aus... 
Snowstorm forces Boston to delay Super Bowl parade until Wednesday: By Tim McLaughlin BOSTON (Reuters) - Bosto... 
Tim Cahill's Aussie legacy is assured despite Shanghai Shenhua move: It was an eventful transfer deadline day ... 
Snow batters Northeast U.S. for second time in week: By Ellen Wulfhorst and Elizabeth Barber NEW YORK/BOSTON (... 
NFL great Warren Sapp arrested on suspicion of soliciting escort: By David Schwartz PHOENIX (Reuters) - Nation... 
Facebook, Twitter lock horns in post-Super Bowl battle of the statistics: By Alexei Oreskovic and Jennifer Sab... 
Seahawks' Quinn named new Atlanta Falcons head coach: (Reuters) - Seattle Seahawks defensive coordinator Dan Q... 
NFL's Ravens release Cody ahead of animal abuse charges: (Reuters) - The NFL's Baltimore Ravens released nose ... 
NFL great Warren Sapp arrested for soliciting escort, assault in Phoenix: By David Schwartz PHOENIX (Reuters) ... 
Brady, Belichick enjoy turnabout after painful Super losses: There was heartache in Seattle for Seahawks fans ... 
BRIEF-Judge requires changes to NFL concussion settlement prior to approval: Feb 2 (Reuters) - * U.S. judge sa... 
Worst play ever? Carroll roasted for Super blunder: Seattle Seahawks coach Pete Carroll may never live it down... 
Will Chelsea regret selling Andre Schurrle to Wolfsburg?:  
Backlash over Super Bowl child death ad: A major US insurance company found itself on the defensive Monday aft... 
Browns quarterback Manziel enters treatment facility: (Reuters) - Cleveland Browns quarterback Johnny Manziel ... 
Boston plans Super Bowl parade despite piles of snow: By Tim McLaughlin BOSTON (Reuters) - Boston's Super Bowl... 
LIVE: Transfer Deadline Day: All eyes are on Chelsea with the Andre Schurrle and Juan Cuadrado deals yet to be... 
Super Bowl 49 most tweeted NFL football final ever: Millions of fans took to social media for Sunday's Super B... 
Last play will linger but Brady's class showed in Pats' win: By Simon Evans GLENDALE, Arizona (Reuters) - Seat... 
Patriots win Super Bowl thriller over Seahawks: Tom Brady and the New England Patriots rallied to edge Seattle... 
Patriots' Brady adds to legacy with Super Bowl comeback: By Frank Pingue GLENDALE, Arizona (Reuters) - Through... 
Seahawks' Matthews goes from shoe store to Super Bowl stud: By Frank Pingue GLENDALE, Arizona (Reuters) - Seat... 
Coke, Budweiser win as Super Bowl ad battle gets serious: By Lisa Richwine and Jennifer Saba LOS ANGELES/NEW Y... 
Profile of New England Patriots: (Reuters) - Profile of the New England Patriots, who defeated the Seattle Sea... 
Katy Perry dazzles at Super Bowl halftime show: Singer Katy Perry dazzled at Sunday's Super Bowl halftime show... 
Deadline Day: Chelsea waiting on Cuadrado, Schurrle deals: Deadline day is upon us! With clubs scrambling arou... 
Pats, Seahawks level 14-14 at Super Bowl halftime: Seattle and New England were tied 14-14 at halftime of Supe... 
Pellegrini wants Manchester City to win the Premier League in style: Manuel Pellegrini maintains Manchester Ci... 
Obama prefers guacamole, but neither Super Bowl team: US President Barack Obama touted his record on the econo... 
Lessons learned in African Nations Cup quarterfinals: Avram Grant's Ghana beat Michel Dussuyer's Guinea 3-0 to... 
Seahawks, Patriots scoreless after first quarter of Super Bowl: By Steve Keating GLENDALE, Arizona (Reuters) -... 
Juventus' draw at Udinese exposes pitfalls of playing in a 3-5-2: Juventus manager Massimiliano Allegri has ru... 
Clinton or Biden? Obama says he 'loves 'em both': President Barack Obama admitted in a pre-Super Bowl intervie... 
NFL-Super Bowl facts and figures: (Correcting beer consumption) Jan 29 (Reuters) - Facts and figures about Sun... 
Tight security, party atmosphere greet Super Bowl fans: By Frank Pingue GLENDALE, Arizona (Reuters) - Clear bl... 
Giants matriarch Ann Mara dies: Ann Mara, the mother of New York Giants co-owner John Mara and a fixture at ne... 
Super Bowl Sunday kicks off with scandal and spectacle: The Super Bowl kicks off Sunday as American football s... 
Seau headlines 2015 Hall of Fame class: Junior Seau was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, a bitterswee... 
Pats stand in way of Seahawks dynastic aims: Sunday's Super Bowl 49 caps a National Football League season mar... 
New Jersey Governor heads to UK for trade, politics, soccer: By Megan Davies and Hilary Russ NEW YORK (Reuters... 
Packers' Rodgers captures second MVP award: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - Green Bay Packers quarterback ... 
Arizona's Sheriff Joe picks Patriots; inmates to get popcorn: By Daniel Wallis PHOENIX (Reuters) - The Arizona... 
Panthers' Davis wins Man of the Year award for off-field work: Carolina Panthers linebacker Thomas Davis was n... 
NFL-Seau's Hall call puts concussions back in spotlight: By Steve Keating PHOENIX, Jan 31 (Reuters) - Domestic... 
David de Gea issues Manchester United a buyout clause ultimatum: The winter window is still open, and that mea... 
Super Bowl coaches have different styles, but lot in common: By Simon Evans PHOENIX (Reuters) - On the surface... 
NFL-Ownership not all Super Bowl fun and games: By Steve Keating PHOENIX, Jan 31 (Reuters) - There will be one... 
Injury scare for Seahawks' Chancellor: The Seattle Seahawks got a late injury scare as top defender Kam Chance... 
Brady's legacy secure regardless of Super Bowl outcome: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - Tom Brady will be ... 
Manchester City and Manchester United to move for Real Madrid's Pepe: The winter window is still open, and tha... 
Close encounter? No, it is Pepsi lighting up the Super Bowl sky: By Lisa Richwine LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Fans... 
Boston plans heavy police presence to avoid post-Super Bowl chaos: By Scott Malone BOSTON (Reuters) - Boston o... 
'Dad-vertising' scores a Super Bowl touchdown: Commercials that cast dads in a positive light are standing out... 
Teams eye LA, but league hopes clubs stay put: NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell said Friday that several clubs a... 
Bayern defence exposed in walloping at hands of Wolfsburg: Shock. Horror.

Bayern Munich were handed a 4-1 pas... 
Goodell high on London, shy on UK franchise: National Football League commissioner Roger Goodell likes the "pa... 
Ex-Super Bowl champ Leonard Marshall to teach about concussions: Two-time Super Bowl champion Leonard Marshall... 
Contrasting coaching styles yield Super results: Seattle coach Pete Carroll's energetic style couldn't be more... 
Players call on NFL to revisit media policy: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - Marshawn Lynch may not have m... 
Carroll will let Sherman decide on playing if baby arrives: By Simon Evans PHOENIX (Reuters) - Seattle Seahawk... 
Super Bowl billboard campaign seeks acceptance for gay players: By Daniel Wallis PHOENIX (Reuters) - As fans g... 
Concussions down 25%, says NFL: The number of reported concussions suffered by players in NFL games declined 2... 
Andre Schurrle set for Wolfsburg medical on Friday: The winter window is still open, and that means the LIVE t... 
Seahawks seek to topple Patriots dynasty in Super Bowl 49: Tom Brady and the scandal-tainted New England Patri... 
Liga MX: Five things to watch for ahead of Matchday 4: After winning the 2014 Apertura, America will look to k... 
Seahawks' Lynch blasts Super Bowl reporters with rant: Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch, whose pre... 
NFLPA vows to fight league's new personal conduct policy: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - The National Fo... 
Real Madrid must win convincingly in order to avoid another 'crisis': The ESPN FC team cast their votes for FI... 
Gronkowski and Chancellor set for epic battle: By Simon Evans PHOENIX (Reuters) - There will be no shortage of... 
Patriots rise from humble beginning to become powerhouse: (Reuters) - From a humble beginning in 1960 in the o... 
Andre Schurrle set for Wolfsburg medical on Friday: The winter window is still open, and that means the LIVE t... 
NFL-Five Super Bowl storylines to watch: Five storylines to watch for Sunday's Super Bowl between the Seattle ... 
League says reported concussions drop 25 percent: The National Football League said on Thursday the number of ... 
Villarreal advance to face Barcelona in Copa del Rey semifinals: Villarreal won 1-0 at Getafe to advance to a ... 
Taking the pizza? Couple's 1,400-mile Super Bowl delivery: A Canadian couple are going to extreme lengths as t... 
Perry super excited for Super Bowl gig: Katy Perry promised good, clean fun and a few surprises in her Super B... 
Patriots' Brady hopes Peyton decides to play another year: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - New England Pat... 
'Puppy Bowl' highlights cuteness, adoptions at Super Bowl: While some NFL stars' off-field antics made headlin... 
Feds seize $19.5 million in counterfeit items ahead of Super Bowl: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - Federal... 
As U.S. Northeast shivers, Super Bowl fans slap on sunscreen: By Daniel Wallis PHOENIX (Reuters) - As the nort... 
Super Bowl QBs Wilson, Brady a study in contrasts: Quarterbacks Russell Wilson and Tom Brady make the Super Bo... 
Patriots get rude awakening as hotel fire alarm goes off: The New England Patriots got a rude awakening days a... 
Big-time Super Bowl ads to reach Canada by 2017: Millions of Canadian viewers of the U.S. Super Bowl football ... 
Murder case against ex-NFL player Aaron Hernandez hits delay: (Updates with delay in start of proceedings) By ... 
Prosecutors to open murder case against ex-NFL player Aaron Hernandez: By Scott Malone and Daniel Lovering FAL... 
Broncos continue coaching rebuild with Phillips addition: (Reuters) - The Denver Broncos will hire Wade Philli... 
Fun-loving 'Gronk' a serious Super Bowl threat: Don't let the party bus fool you, New England's Rob Gronkowski... 
Cold can't slow Brady's Super Bowl prep: Phoenix (AFP) - Quarterback Tom Brady, whose New England Patriots tak... 
Chelsea still courting Juan Cuadrado, Chicharito could be headed to Serie A: Will Pato end up in the Prem? Is ... 
Super Bowl omens look bright for Mickelson in Phoenix: By Mark Lamport-Stokes SCOTTSDALE, Arizona (Reuters) - ... 
Tottenham head to Wembley thanks to excellent Eriksen: Christian Eriksen's late strike secured Tottenham's Cap... 
Security officials confident in Super Bowl safety: Super Bowl fans will face tight security checks at the stad... 
Once struggling Seahawks and Pats surging into Super Bowl: The top two teams from each conference will duel in... 
Seahawks cure Super Bowl hangover to salvage shot at repeat: By Frank Pingue PHOENIX (Reuters) - The Seattle S... 
Van Persie with work to do to guarantee Manchester United future: Manchester United striker Robin van Persie s... 
Alvaro Morata sends Juventus through after struggle against Parma: Substitute Alvaro Morata was the match-winn... 
America's most popular sport gains ground globally: The NFL, which will crown its champion Sunday in the quint... 
Barcelona Advance In Copa Del Rey: A wild Copa del Rey clash saw five goals in the opening 42 minutes and two ... 
Russia, China lead global growth in NFL interest says study: By Simon Evans MIAMI (Reuters) - The NFL, which h... 
Facebook to sell real-time Super Bowl ads, taking on Twitter: This Super Bowl Facebook is taking a page from T... 
Two ex-Vanderbilt football players convicted in Tennessee rape trial: By Tim Ghianni NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Reuters... 
Chelsea to test Real Madrid's resolve with audacious move for Sergio Ramos: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses t... 
Super Bowl caps season of turmoil in league: Seattle take on New England in what promises to be a compelling S... 
Ivanovic excels as refocused Chelsea fight past Liverpool to reach cup final: Chelsea will renew their acquain... 
Coquelin must still prove to Arsenal that he is a long-term solution: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti discusses Arsenal... 
No limits at Super Bowl media day, the ultimate freak show: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - If the Super ... 
NFL-No limits at Super Bowl media day, the ultimate freak show: By Steve Keating PHOENIX, Jan 27 (Reuters) - I... 
Illarramendi damaging his career by not leaving Real: Lucas Silva has been officially unveiled as Real Madrid'... 
Sacking Inzaghi would accomplish nothing for Milan: Gabriele Marcotti discusses whether Silvio Berlusconi will... 
Seahawks' Lynch: 'I'm here so I won't get fined': By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - Marshawn Lynch, the Sea... 
NFL-Seahawks' Lynch: 'I'm here so I won't get fined': By Steve Keating PHOENIX, Jan 27 (Reuters) - Marshawn Ly... 
Rape case against Vanderbilt players to go to Tennessee jury: By Tim Ghianni NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Reuters) - Afte... 
NFL brings a domestic-abuse ad to Super Bowl: Looking to repair its image, league finances a spot to raise awareness. 
New England Patriots owner defends Brady, Belichick: New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft defiantly defende... 
Patriots avoid blizzard but no escaping 'Deflategate' storm: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - The New Engl... 
Real Madrid, Manchester United battle for Athletic Bilbao's Aymeric Laporte: ESPN FC's Gab Marcotti explains t... 
Locker room worker eyed in 'Deflategate': The NFL is looking at a New England Patriots locker room attendant a... 
NFL kicks off YouTube global game channel: The channel at 
Super Bowl: from humble origin to king of U.S. sports events: From modest beginnings of cheap tickets and empt... 
Cornerbacks Revis, Sherman set for Super Bowl spotlight: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - Wide receiver ha... 
Jury seated for ex-NFLer Hernandez's murder trial, to begin Thursday: By Daniel Lovering FALL RIVER, Mass. (Re... 
Pats' Brady says 'feelings hurt' amid 'Deflategate' scrutiny: (Reuters) - New England Patriots quarterback Tom... 
Katy Perry lights the way for Super Bowl's girl power moment: By Eric Kelsey LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - There is ... 
NFL's Sherman gets shots in against under-pressure Patriots: With Super Bowl 49 still a week away, Seattle Sea... 
Falcons' Ryan throws deciding TD in Pro Bowl win: Atlanta quarterback Matt Ryan threw the deciding touchdown p... 
Ryan gamble pays off as Team Irvin wins Pro Bowl: (Reuters) - Matt Ryan threw the winning score on a fourth do... 
'Deflategate' overshadows Seahawks' Super Bowl arrival: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - With the arrival ... 
Tottenham plan January moves for Memphis Depay and Danny Ings: The winter window is now open, and that means t... 
Uruguay-Brazil headlines second round of South American U20 championships: Giovanni Simeone and Argentina have... 
What scandals? It never rains on Super Bowl party: By Steve Keating PHOENIX (Reuters) - From domestic violence... 
Louis van Gaal plans transfer swoop for Southampton's Nathaniel Clyne: The winter window is now open, and that... 
AC Milan lose their heads against Lazio and pressure increases on Inzaghi: Philippe Mexes lost his cool, grabb... 
Sakho impresses but Liverpool's lack of a finishing touch is costly: Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers was pro... 
Belichick says '100 percent' Patriots did no wrong: A New England Patriots internal investigation shows the NF... 
Patriots say they followed rules, accept no blame: (Reuters) - The New England Patriots said on Saturday they ... 
Super Bowl has ways to go in captivating global audience: More than 100 million Americans are expected to watc... 
NFL-Seahawks defense gets boost as Sherman, Thomas recover: (Reuters) - The Seattle Seahawks defense got a boo... 
Paul Pogba isn't leaving Juventus this winter according to agent: Our experts discuss Paul Pogba's potential m... 
Players union fights new personal conduct policy: National Football League team owners are facing a legal chal... 
Cristiano Ronaldo nearly went to Arsenal instead of Manchester United: Cristiano Ronaldo's influential agent J... 
Arsene Wenger says Mesut Ozil will be stronger in Arsenal return: Arsenal can expect to see a stronger Mesut O... 
Falcao misfires, Ander Herrera inspires in Man United's draw at Cambridge: Cambridge United 0, Manchester Unit... 
Evidence says Patriots first-half footballs too light: National Football League investigators have found evide... 
Ravens cut tackle under investigation for animal cruelty: (Reuters) - The Baltimore Ravens on Friday said they... 
League conducts nearly 40 interviews into 'deflate-gate': (Reuters) - The NFL said on Friday it has conducted ... 
Players union files grievance of NFL personal conduct policy: (Reuters) - The National Football League players... 
The lure of LA for the NFL - mirage or 'must do'?: By Mark Lamport-Stokes LOS ANGELES (Reuters) - Like a shimm... 
David De Gea's agent hints at change for Manchester United keeper: ESPN FC's Sid Lowe indicates a return to Sp... 
Liga MX: Five things to watch for ahead of Matchday 3: Chivas Guadalajara is an infamous club in Mexico, but a... 
Seattle defenders Wagner, Bennett shrug off ball debate: (Reuters) - Seattle All-Pro linebacker Bobby Wagner i... 
Real Madrid's Martin Odegaard has a long, uncertain road ahead: The ESPN FC crew discuss the learning opportun... 
NFL-Patriots' ball scandal could take shine off Super Bowl: (Fixes for screen clients, no changes to text) * B... 
Kampl and Reus give Borussia Dortmund fans reasons to be cheerful: Jurgen Klopp's Borussia Dortmund are curren... 
Brady denies altering balls, says not met with investigators: (Reuters) - Patriots quarterback Tom Brady has d... 
Three-time NFL Pro Bowler Tommy Mason dies: Running back Tommy Mason, an 11-year veteran of the National Footb... 
Early starts booked for three London matchups: New York (AFP) - Three National Football League regular-season ... 
Celebratory crotch grab costs Lynch: Seattle running back Marshawn Lynch is reportedly facing a $20,000 fine f... 
NFL-Belichick denies any involvement in ball deflation: (Adds further quotes) Jan 22 (Reuters) - New England P... 
Belichick denies any involvement in ball deflation: (Reuters) - New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick... 
Luck, Romo top picks in Pro Bowl draft: Glendale (United States) (AFP) - Indianapolis quarterback Andrew Luck ... 
Chelsea chasing Paul Pogba, Real Madrid to sign Martin Odegaard: The winter window is now open, and that means... 
Brady isn't so clean-cut says Sherman: (Reuters) - Outspoken Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman has k... 
Real Madrid agree transfer fee for Martin Odegaard: Real Madrid have reached an agreement with Stromsgodset fo... 
Barcelona Leave It Late To Beat Atletico: With Atletico and Barcelona heading for a 0-0 draw in their Copa del... 
Former Philadelphia sportscaster found guilty in theft case: By Daniel Kelley PHILADELPHIA (Reuters) - A jury ... 
Coppa Italia: Shaqiri strikes for Inter Milan, Gomez nets Fiorentina brace: Inter Milan's winter signings Xher... 
Hall of Famer Marino backs Patriots' Brady in ball brouhaha: By Larry Fine NEW YORK (Reuters) - Dan Marino lik... 
Manchester City confident in beating Euro-rivals to Marco Reus' signature: The ESPN FC crew discuss potential ... 
Patriots used under-inflated US footballs - reports: A cheaters tag continued to swirl Wednesday around the Su... 
Crafty Belichick may have Seahawks on guard in Super Bowl: (Reuters) - Given Bill Belichick's history, the Sea... 
Who do Man United need more?:  
Arsenal sign Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw: Arsenal have completed the signing of Krystian Bielik from Leg... 
Michael Owen: Top four is bare minimum for Manchester United: Michael Owen believes Manchester United should b... 
Patriots used under-inflated balls against Colts: ESPN: (Reuters) - The National Football League has determine... 
Manchester City failing with the same old corner routine: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley both are in a... 
Seahawks fan hopes to trade winning football for Super Bowl trip: By Eric M. Johnson SEATTLE (Reuters) - A Sea... 
Raheem Sterling sparks Liverpool in draw vs. Chelsea -- Player Ratings: ESPN FC's Steve Nicol and Craig Burley... 
Manchester City confident in beating Euro-rivals to Marco Reus' signature: The winter window is now open, and ... 
Solo's husband arrested on drink-driving charge: Former Seattle Seahawks tight end Jerramy Stevens, the husban... 
Jose Mourinho jokes that he'll take Steven Gerrard on loan at Chelsea: Jose Mourinho joked on Tuesday that Che... 
Belichick compares Wilson to 'Roger the Dodger': (Reuters) - New England Patriots head coach Bill Belichick is... 
Super Bowl rookie ref tapped for title game: New York (AFP) - Referee Bill Vinovich will be officiating his fi... 
A tale of two Super Bowl-bound cities: New England has the Boston Tea Party and cream pie, Seattle has Starbuc... 
Liverpool and Chelsea all square after Capital One Cup semifinal first leg: Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho stil... 
Seahawks hope key defensive pair recover for Super Bowl: (Reuters) - The Seattle Seahawks face an anxious wait... 
Ivory Coast held by Guinea, Cameroon draw with Mali in African Nations Cup: Ivory Coast had to settle for a po... 
Cristiano Ronaldo says rivalry with Lionel Messi motivates both players: Cristiano Ronaldo acknowledged that h... 
NBC woos online viewers with 11-hour stream on Super Bowl Sunday: U.S. TV network NBC will stream 11 consecuti... 
Norwegian Liverpool fan names daughter YNWA: Naming your offspring after your footballing idols is one thing, ... 
Manchester United ready to lock up David De Gea with lucrative new deal: Former Liverpool defender Steve Nicol... 
Manchester United ready to lock up David De Gea with lucrative new deal: The winter window is now open, and th... 
Fantasy follow-up: Week 22: The ESPN FC team respond to your questions in regards to Manchester United's jumbl... 
National Football League probes Patriots in 'deflate-gate': The NFL is investigating whether New England inten... 
Lionel Messi has become the leader Barcelona desperately needed: ESPN FC's Alejandro Moreno had nothing but pr... 
