Spend Your Mother's Day With God @ 
Happy Mother's Day! We hope to see you back on 5/11/15@9:32am! Pray for Us As We Pray For You and Watch God change things!
That's it this week!Thank you for staying Tuned to God's Powerful word+ Re-Tweeting so others can be blessed!We hope you have a Good weekend
Your hard times won't last forever.If you've been going through for a long time.Be strong+keep going you'll get to your place called there
When you run into frustrations or obstacles,understand that just because there seems to be little or no change,God is still at work.
The Lord will be your stay. He will bring you forth into a broad place;He will rescue you, because He delights in You" (Psalm 18:19).
Even though you may be confronted by powerful forces at work against you,continue to trust in God's deliverance for your life!
Extraordinarily dark times should usher in extraordinarily waves of God's light.If your times are too dark,seek God for more of His light
The never ending stream of bad news often finds you no matter how you try to tune it out.You are not the only 1 who is really tired of it!
Sometimes it can seems like there is a never ending stream of negative + depressing news everywhere.God will sustain you through it all.
Sometimes it can seem like there is a never ending stream of negative + depressing news everywhere.God will sustain you through it all.
God will give you time to recover from the abuse,trouble+harsh treatments that you've had to endure.He will not forget your hard labor+pain
You may feel like you are on the edge of losing it all + the pain in your life keeps intensifying.You'll still win if You don't quit.
It really is going to be all right for you eventually.The twists+turns of life don't have to get you down,choose to rise above them anyway
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do. -H. J. Brown, Jr.
In order to be successful you must realize that there will be difficulties to face along the way.But with every difficulty God has a plan"B"
Failure gives you a second chance to begin again but this time more intelligently.
At least when you fail repeatedly you are closer to success.Because now you've found many ways that things just will not work.
There have been others in worst situations than you are in and God has helped them become better not bitter
It is better to try + try and fail than to just sit there and do nothing and then wonder why things are not getting any better.
You get to choose if you will be happy today or not in spite of events or circumstances that will try their hardest to bring you down-G Marx
Each morning when You open Your eyes say to Yourself: "I,not events,have the power to make me happy or unhappy today."
Regardless as to how challenging times get,God will help you find a way to prevail + emerge better because of the situations He's allowed!
What you have seen God do up until this point is not all there is for you!God has oh,more in store for you!
You need not worry dear one,because without a doubt,we know that God can and will fix what troubles you and bring you new possibilities!
Rough times make you thirst for something more!If you're thirsty,Bring Jesus empty cups,Let Him fill it;
God understands your weariness,your pains,your sufferings,and your doubts,He's assuring you that His greater purposes will prevail for you!
You can be excited again as you imagine and grab ahold of the many new possibilities that God will send your way! So get ready!
Instead of letting the devil win by trying to make life miserable,think  what a joy it is to be alive-enjoying God's new possibilities!
If you've decided you're ready to do things God way's,God's bailout is scheduled for you!Stay expectant;
It is going to be alright dear child of God.It may not look like it,it is often darkest before it is dawn.God is coming with your turnaround
Don't let your trouble keep on troubling you,let God trouble it and in the meantime,let God bail you out.Push,pull or drag yourself to Him!
But God who is rich in mercy will rescue you from the snares of the devil+the horrible conditions that have beseiged you to cause you pain
If it had not been for God who is on your side,you would have already been swallowed up,tied up and left side the road with no ride!
Don't expect things to be fair,right or just.We live in a fallen world with man made rules but God is sovereign over it,He knows what to do
Are you Broke?tired?frustrated?Take rest in God,pull into His presence!Rest in Him until your bailout comes;
Going through hell is often the price you have to pay to get the blessings that lie on the other side of your trouble.So don't give up+quit!
If you've been ambushed,lied on,stolen from,talked about,set up for failure,depressed+left broke to die,God will find a way to bail you out
Haven''t you heard?Didn't you know?When God is in it,God's bailout for your life can lead to new beginnings;
God doesn't want you constantly having to suffer,that's not why Jesus Christ came.Jesus came to give you life+give you life more abundantly
Perhaps dear 1,God has allowed some things to happen so He could bail you out so that He can redirect you into His purposes for your life!
As God helps you out,don't worry about what you can't control,keep waiting on Him;
No matter how bad things are or how they look,God cares for you.He is working,He has a plan for your life;
Since it all belongs to God anyway,whatever you've lost,He can replace.Whatever is not working He can intervene at the right time+change it
If the root worker's curse could have killed you,you'd already be dead,your tight places don't have the power to hold you when God shows up
Seeking God and finding Him when you're going through hell will change you.When God decides to bail you out,it will change your sufferings!
Oh,dear 1.God's been keeping a secret for you,it's the secret of how He plans to bail you out from your sufferings!Won't you seek him today?
The earth is the Lord's+the fullness thereof,it all belongs to God.Give it all to Him,let Him bail you out;
If you're like us,you want out from bad,rough,tight places yesterday!Well today is your day!Reach for God,let Him bail you out!
Tough situations that persist and take you through 1 twist+turn after another can be a trip!Do yourself a favor and let God bail you out
Why worry about what you can't control-God's got it!Let Him fix problems!Drop them off to Him,walk forward;
If God were to ask you what 1 thing you needed help out the most with today,what would it be?Whatever it is,bring it to God,let Him work!
Are you tired of suffering?Are you fed up with going through 1 thing after another?God has seen your afflictions and wants to help you
Be still and know that He is God and at just the right time He will fix what needs to be fixed and do what needs to be done!
Trust in God if you can't figure things out, lean not on your own understanding, ask God to guide you regarding what you don't understand.
Wait for the Lord and keep his way, He will exalt you to inherit the land; you will look on when the wicked are cut off-Psalm 37:34
If you will keep waiting on God, you will find that your strength, hope and passion will be renewed-Isaiah 40:31
God usually steps in when everything and everyone has failed you, how else would you know it is God? 
2015 can be a wonderfully fantastic year for you, but you may have to do what you've never done and go where you've never gone to get there
Whatever keeps on troubling you,bothering you and making you worry,bring it to Jesus and let Him fix it;
Hugely large troubles will always surround some of God's greatest work in your life. The neat thing about it is,God will fight your battles
What God has for you,is for you! Your circumstances may not look like you will make it or ever get there,but,Child of God you will make it!
The detours of life are not strong enough to stop the plan of God for your life,though God tarries He is never late. God is gonna help you!
Don't be afraid your circumstances will drown you,they won't."God hath not given You the spirit of fear;but of power,love,and a sound mind"
If you want to get all God has for you, you too will have to ignore the opposition against you and keep going and trust in God!
We know how it feels to be ambushed,lied on,tricked,knocked down,manipulated,hated and falsely accused, we just keep going trusting in God!
Be comforted dear anxious 1,God will protect and save you from the snares and tricks of the evil one,but you will have to seek God for this
The troubles,the setbacks,the hurts+pain+the attacks have weaved a story in your life,God will change it;
Don't worry"when the enemy comes in like a flood in your life,The Spirit of the Lord will lift up a standard against him." Isaiah 59:19
The Lord is Your light and Your salvation;whom shall You fear?The Lord is the strength of Your life;of whom shall You be afraid?Psalms 27:1
Invite God to show you what He wants you to do as you work with Him in resolving your troubles and worries;
The devil loves to rule by making you fearful+by finding ways to make you worry,you can do all things thru Christ!Don't let the devil rule!
God doesn't want you constantly worried He wants you to have faith in Him. If you're constantly worried,ask God to build your faith in Him!
1 Peter 5:7 reminds you of what to do when you are uncertain and worrying*"Cast all your anxieties on God because He cares for you."*
On the other side of all of the hell that you may be going through is some of God's biggest blessings; 
It's the uncertainities of life that teaches you to walk by faith and not by sight!Your rough times are preparing you for something greater
It's usually uncertainties of life that keep you up at night,that worries you and stresses you out,Just Trust God! He'll fix your troubles!
Never let the disgust you feel towards a turn in life make you bitter+don't let it Sour your relationship with God,it's NOT worth it.
The turns of life can be terrible,they usually force you to go ways you don't want to go. It's okay to be disgusted dear 1,God understands
2015 can be a wonderfully fantastic year for you, but you may have to do what you've never done and go where you've never gone to get there
When everything in your life may seem uncertain because of the complexities of life,God is for certain.He won't leave you or forsake you!
The complexities of life this year can cause you to find yourself on a path of turns,detours and uncertainties. Let God guide you through!
God will keep you in perfect peace if you will keep following Him and trust in Him as He seeks to transform you-Isaiah 26:3
Your time may not have fully arrived yet,but you sure are a lot closer than what you were before you started following God!
The recurrent obstacles that have cropped up in your life will be easier to deal with as God transforms you+moves you to your better place
As God takes you through your transformation process,He will help you get your mind right so you'll be able to keep your New Start!
Reading the Bible during your daily appointment times with God will really help you transform quicker!
If you will allow God to guide you in your transformation process, you will see transformation in your life!
You need God's guidance to help you transform to the highest of your ability.God will open your eyes+show you the plans He has for you
Most people,most of the time can decide how happy or stressed their outlook will be.If you are having trouble being joyful,God wants to help
Wallowing in the pit of despair depresses your spirit+hinders the opportunities that come your way!Why not invite God in to transform you?
Stress is related to most causes of death like heart conditions,cancer+strokes,God wants to save you and fill you with Joy!
You may not feel like being joyful but God can transform you so you can be joyful for your new start;
Being optimistic and happy protects you from the stresses of life and keeps you from having to suffer the consequences that stress induces
Regardless as to what hasn't gone right in your life,you can still choose to be happy+seize the new start God brings your way
You can do all things through Christ who gives you strength!You can do better,you can be more+you can have more,this is God's plan for you
God is on a mission to perfect that which concerns you and He is moving daily to get you to your place called there!
After a while life starts to get boring+unexciting.Especially when your life has been filled with problems!God is coming to make things new
A new start is coming!God is up to something!He wants to create fresh new excitement in your life that will birth a New Season for you!
Claim psalm 91 as you wait on God to change things for you, help you solve your problems or deliver you;
Even though you may trust God and praise Him, you may have to keep on going through with your problems until God changes or solves them.
Take your problems to God and let Him shine His light on them, so He can give you the instructions you need to get out and get on with life!
God's light, involve instructions which are a doorway through which light shines. They give insight to the untrained. - Psalm 119:130
Walking around in the dark with stubborn problems that don't go away or don't respond to normal solutions often need divine solutions.
Problems usually don't just go away. God will work in and through your problems if you will work with Him in and through your problems.
Gloom,doom+disappointment doesn't have to be your lot in life. Invite God to help you,let Him fix it;
The longer you focus on gloom,doom and disappointment, the more depressed it will make you.If you're tired of it all, give it to God!
Doom,gloom+disappointment is everywhere, but then so is God.If you want to escape it,run from it and run to God;
Dear child of God, you don't have to run away or jump off a cliff to escape the problems that haunt you+ taunt you,God will send you help
Some problems can make you want to run away or jump off a cliff they are so bad. It is during those tough times that pressing into God helps
Choose to be like us, daily take the time to give God the highest thanks and praise you can muster up;
Your praise and thanksgiving should never be based upon your current circumstances, because God is good when circumstances are not!
If you haven't figured it out yet, you'll quickly learn that you will have to hold on to your faith in God when problems shatter your world!
If strange things are happening in your life, God could be allowing them before you get to the other side where your blessings lies.
God often allows some of the bad things to happen to each of us to teach us what we need to know to be able to go forward with Him!
In all things, give thanks to Almighty God, for He is worthy to be praised no matter how dark things may be for you, God is still good!
We're gone to enjoy God's Revival in our lives, we hope you have a great weekend.. We will be looking just for you on 5/3/15 @9:32am!
That's it this week!Thank you for re-tweeting and sharing God's word. God's word is a Lamp unto the feet showing you+others the way to go!
In all your ways acknowledge God,He will direct your paths;
You weren't designed to navigate this rough+tough life alone.You need a guide that loves you+has your best interest at heart!Turn to God
Your life is not an accident,what has happened to you can be turned around if you will seek God daily+let him safely guide you out of it
God never said it would be easy,He never said you wouldn't have trouble and people that get on your nerves.He said He would be with you!
There's nothing that God cannot do.He specializes in doing the impossible and He'll do what seems impossible if you trust and follow Him!
Without faith it is impossible to please God.To receive from God,you must beleive He exists and He'll reward you because you sought Him.
Sometimes you hold the answer to your own prayer! God may want you to trust Him on a new level now and you need only trust Him to receive!
The deliverance that God gives comes in His timing and in His way.Try not to be discouraged that delays and setbacks happen!It's normal
God is speaking to you.He has heard your prayers.He has seen your afflictions and your prison cell circumstances.Deliverance is coming!!
Choose to focus on how much God loves you.Let it be enough for you to give you energy,passion and desire to get through each day and night!
Want to enter into the warm cocoon of God's love for you?Choose to enter in and let God speak to your heart;
*The love of God wants to draw you into a warm cocoon and melt all of the stress,all of the pain+suffering life has dealt you.So enter in*
We want you to consider this;No problem has seized you that's surprised God.He knows!He'll help you;
Instead of looking at your insufficiency,choose to look at God's sufficiency!Instead of looking at your lack,look at God's abundant supply
Come sit with God for a while.Unplug from overwhelming distractions that life forces on you.Let God pour His healing salve where it hurts
What went wrong+what's not right doesn't have to define you when you surrender it to God,He can change it;
Is there any among you tired?Weak?Discouraged?Just can't take it anymore?If that describes you!God wants to refresh you as you wait!
God will cause what has disappointed+disgusted you to work for your good when you trust in Him.Don't give up dear 1 because of long waits
Do you need God to turn things around?Allow God to change what the demons did to cause you disappointment;
God wants to bring back the thrill+excitement that you once had for your life and for His Word!So let Him keep working to revive you
The Demons of dissatisfaction have caused way too many problems.Let's shake them off us;
Demons of dissatisfaction manifest as bad relationships,unresolved health issues,being broke+failed 
God doesn't want the demons of dissatisfaction that have been trying to rule your life to take over.Seize the opportunity,evict them out
Maybe it's time you decided you're not going to take it anymore!You're better than your bad circumstances!Let God change your garments!
Walk out of old Garments that held you hostage in yesterday,step forward with God,He can renew your garments;
Purposely choose today to walk in your new phase of today with Fresh New Garments on, allow God to intervene and turn things around for you
Almost everybody is tired of something or someone!Let's not let the weight of being tired keep us from Enjoying the beauty of OUR New Today!
Are you tired of how things are going in your life?If you are,let God help you start today with a New Attitude,New Expectations and New Joy
God will work to change+improve Your life if you will. Follow Him as He leads,Your turnaround will come;
Maybe what you are striving for hasn't worked or doesn't improve because it's really not what God wants for you in this season of your life
When you join God where He's at work, your life will change and become better as You live life on Purpose and find fulfillment as you work!
If you want to experience improvement where you are and make a difference for God,find out where He is at work and join Him there!
God wants to help improve every area of your life so you can live life to your fullest potential! Small changes leads to Large success!
The trials of life don't have to impede your progress for self improvement,sometimes the best thing you can do is focus on improving you!
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.Dramatic improvement usually requires dramatic change
After doing a review of your life,carefully ponder before God the places that are still stagnant+not working,ask God to help you change!
If your year has been terrible so far+you don't like the way it is going, begin now-petition God to help you turn things around!
Better days are ahead for you child of God,if you can hang in there with God and don't give up on Him,you'll see your better days come!
If you haven't done so,make a list of areas you think God wants to change in your life that way you'll recognize His answers when they come!
If you want God's greater blessings for your life,invite His change for your life!
Don't be discouraged if it's not working for you yet for where you are is subject to change when God's change for your life comes!
This is Your defining Moment, Do You Want Change or Not? God has handed You The Power To Make the Choice. ✇Choose Wisely✇
Why not look at what God gives you that's good in spite of your pain,your suffering,your afflictions and your let downs as He works?
God is looking and Yes, He has seen what is "Wrong" in Your life, He is ready and able to fix it;
If you want God's ~Refreshment+the change He wants to bring in Your life,Meet with Him Now and tell Him"Yes";
God is looking at you !His question to you is "Do You want Him to change your situations? Are You Willing To Work with Him to bring change?
Some of your problems won't change no matter what you do, so since they don't want to change, Give them to God, let Him change them!
Almost every 1 has problems that they don't like,problems that they want to escape from +problems they need God's help on,you're not alone!
Why stay broke,depressed,tired or stuck in low places when you don't have to?Want out?Pursue God like your life depended on you getting help
Even if all else has failed + you're out of options,God won't fail you,He's Not out of options. Let God work;
God is Here,He's showing up for work.Bring your problems, your tiredness, your low places and your dysfunctional situations. Let God work!
If you're tired of dysfunctional situations+low places, You're in luck today!God is looking for You!He's Ready to work in your circumstances
Rough times+rough people such as the ones you face need a power and strength greater than yours,they need God's intervention!Seek Him daily
God can change and will change your current conditions and your current circumstances eventually.Don't give up hope,help is coming!
Dear child of God,if you've reached the point of being tired of trying,perhaps that's the problem.Hand what worries you to God,let Him try!
Choosing the right direction will become easier for you if you will acknowledge God,and allow Him to make your paths straight-Proverbs 3:6
"Where you end up doesn't depend on where you start,it depends on which direction you choose to take". 
Circumstances may happen that you either don't understand or agree with,but God will never leave you in them,trust that He has a plan!
Challenge yourself everyday to do better and be better.Remember,growth starts with a decision to move beyond your present circumstances-L.C.
You're not the only 1 who may be tired.Almost every 1 you meet is tired of something and some 1.Just do the best you can with what God gives
No body can get you out from where you are like God can,but you still have to be the 1 that makes the choice;
"Behind every impossible situation,is a small voice saying I'm possible." Jesus replied,"What is impossible with men is possible with God."
May God give you loads to smile about today that changes your focus from how bad things are to how blessed you are to have an awesome God!
God's resurrection for your life often comes on the heels of your biggest failures,your largest setbacks and the worst grueling awful pain.
Your walking away from what creates more misery in your life than pleasure opens the door for God's`new thing;
When something repeatedly does not change for the better and continues to try to keep you in their web of oppression,just simply walk away!
You may be struggling with something that God never meant to work where you are.Perhaps that is why nothing changes it.
All it takes is the right word from God to change the direction of your life instantly.If you seek,you will find where God wants you to be!
Bad situations force you to decide are you willing to stand on God's word to deliver you no matter what!
As you go about your day today,choose to listen intently for God's voice and how He may be clearly speaking to you through circumstances!
Where you are is preparation for where God wants you to be.If you can just endure where you are,you'll get to where God wants you to be!
Problems+constant heartache drains you out,until God comes with your divine rescue,allow Him to fill you!
God has said,"This is not how your story is going to end"Expect Him to ordain and orchestrate a turn around for your life soon!
Allow God to use what the devil has meant for evil to turn it for your good.Those who sow in tears will reap with songs of joy-Psalm
To whom much is given,much is required.God has given you much this is 1 of the reasons so much is required!
Your weeping may endure for a season dear child of God,but Jesus is going to cause the sun to shine again in your life.Don't quit yet!
That devil isn't playing,he's using all he's got to keep you down and to keep you questioning God.So You've gotta use all you've got!
The fights and struggles of life will never be over so God wants to teach you how to fight and how to fight effectively,so that you win!
Sometimes you may have no other choice except to let go and let God.If so,let go+let God break your chains;
We've given the chains that have tried to oppress us and keep us down to God knowing full well that His power is enough to shatter them!
Whatever has distressed you needs to be changed.Bring it to Jesus,let Him break Your chains; ☛ ☛ 
When God goes with you to a fight,don't expect your attackers to be there when you get there if they know God is coming with you!
You don't have to run from your troubles and problems,they won't be able to whip you if you take God with you to the fight!
God is using your trials to teach you to face what keeps attacking you so you can fight it and win;☛
From God's perspective,what you consider to be a trial of suffering,God sees it as your training ground to prepare you for greatness!
You'll get through what you are going through,if you keep looking God will help YOU find it;
Stay expectant dear 1!At God's appointed time,He'll step into your circumstances and turn your pain around;
The trials you may be going through are being used by God to prepare you for something greater.Pain and suffering chisels you in unique ways
God loves you more than anyone else will.He's trying to get you to see your trials from His perspective!Let Him step in and rescue YOU!
Want to step away from your distresses and invite God to come in your circumstances to turn them around?
In the midst of all that is wrong you can often forget just how much is right.Why not flip the switch today and focus on what's right?
When you put a praise on your problems and invite God to help, you'll be surprised at what happens next;
Imagine for a moment,God intervening in your circumstances and turning things around!Put a Praise on it;
God will help you!He never tires of saving helping or delivering you from the jowls of the evil 1 who sends his best demons to defeat you!☃
God has more than 1 way to deal with devils that make it their agenda to keep you down+make life miserable.Look for His solutions today!
You don't have to settle for being tired and only being able to get the scraps that life hands out.Run to God today,get your breakthrough
Think it not strange that distresses seem heaped up on you,God has seen them,He knows You're tired.He wants to lead you to solutions☄
The distresses of your life are NOT supposed to weight you down,make you tired,but exhaust your resources.God wants to intervene+Help you
Do you need a rescue from the distresses of your life?If so,God wants to fix your troubles!He has seen your pain and He wants to help you☛
God is waiting For You@ <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We're gone to enjoy the Fresh joy of each new day that God gives, we hope you'll enjoy yours! Have a great weekend!
That's it this week!We hope you've been encouraged and inspired by the Power of God's Word!We hope to see you back on 04/27/15 @9:32am
God is working in your circumstances to get you where He wants to be.He's ready to move you to YOUR purpose;
Everything God has created,God has created to fulfill a purpose.You may be where you are because you are not living your life on purpose!
Sometimes if you want what you never had,you will have to do what you've never done. Let God guide you to live your life on purpose!
Your decision now determines how the next second,next minute,next day,the next week and the next year will go.God wants you to choose wisely
There's no reason you should fail when God has given you so much help,so much encouragement+ so many reasons to succeed.So what do you say?
You don't have to figure out your life's purpose by yourself.God has given you a helper,His name is Jesus;
God has more ahead for you than He has behind you when You walk in your life's purpose,we encourage you to seek God for your life's purpose
What if you think you are living your life on Purpose and God does not?Can God change YOUR purpose?
God wants you to use the time wisely that He gave you.Think for a moment. Are YOU living your life on purpose?If not,God allows UTURNS!
Perhaps your problems,confusion+trouble has been allowed by God to redirect you to lead you to walk in the Purposes For Which He created You
Any rut you experience can be changed by God,but you can't just sit there+do nothing if you want Him to change it.Walk to where God is!
You don't have to settle for the scraps and leftovers that life gives you or hands out.God has more for you;
YOUR Destiny hangs on YOUR DECISION!So what's it going to be? Will You stay where you are or walk to where God is and move to what works?
Don't listen to haters,the naysayers or critics about what to do,listen to the voice in you and Choose if You will Seek God's Way or Not!
It can be a brand new day For You,a new season For You and a new beginning.Won't you Seek God for new pathways + New opportunities?
Blessings,Favor,promotions,new relationships,new opportunities await when you walk to where God dwells;
Step out of the ordinary,walk forward to the extraordinary where God dwells.He's waiting on you to simply walk away from what's not working
If your pathways are broken,disgusting,not working or if you're tired.God invites you to look to Him for another way!Are YOU coming or Not?
God is looking for YOU if YOU're tired of being tired+Need Him to guide you!Are YOU the 1 He's looking for?
We don't like chaos,trouble or things and stuff that does not work,what about you?If you don't like where you are,seek God for another way!
Where you are is a result of past choices you've made+ situations God allowed. Need a change? Seek God for What to do and the Way to go!
It doesn't matter if it seems like you're stuck, can't get it to work, you may be sick, tired or both! God wants to show you the way to go!
You matter to God!Your life matters to God!He created you for a purpose.If you don't know what to do, Seek God,He wants to show You the way!
God is a Way Maker.He can create something out of nothing,and good out of bad,He's waiting on you to seek Him;
Your life doesn't have to be a mystery.God wants to make clear the ways you should take.Choose time to get alone with God,seek His guidance!
You don't have to walk around with a Veil over your eyes groping around in the dark trying to figure things out. Let God guide you!
If it seems your life is at a standstill +things are either not working right, they're confusing or troubling,God wants to guide you
If things aren't working,it's a great idea to think about your life!Ask yourself if you're on the right path to fulfill God's purposes?
Being held hostage to bad circumstances is not God's best for you!You deserve better! God will help you get better when you follow Him!
Don't worry especially about things you cannot control,God will turn the negatives in your life into positives,no matter how bad they are.
God is working to help you unclutter your life step by step so that His promises will finally begin to be realized in your life!
Change normally happens the most when you get sick+tired of being sick and tired of having to through the same ole thing over+over again
As you continue to walk with God He will continue to rejuvenate you,inspire you and draw you away from dissatisfying+unproductive outcomes
As God continues to work in your life to get the wrong people+wrong circumstances out of your life,He'll bring the right fit for your life!
Discouragement in the hands of our powerful God can be changed instantly! He will give you new directions to replace what's not working
Just because life keeps trying to pull you down, you don't have to stay down! Choose to get back up again with God!
Your pathway may be broken and the signs may be unclear,God's plan for your life is not blurry and His signs for your life will be clear!
The most potent form of encouragement comes from God. When people get on your nerves and things don't go right, God will encourage you!
When David was becoming despondent and weary with life,he turned his face to God and he received instantaneous encouragement from above.
You don't have to just stand there and take discouragement! Give your discouragement to God and see what He will do to turn it around!
Discouragement is a trick of the enemy formulated to cut short your destiny, don't fall for the trick,give your discouragement to God!
Discouragement is a killer.When it comes you'll find yourself losing hope + the will to go on. God will defeat the demons of discouragement
When God opens the door to your prison cell of bad circumstances to let you out,don't just sit there,run,run,run,GET OUT and don't look back
When you get really tired of it + follow God's instructions, expect Him to open your prison cell and let you out;
We'd like to encourage you to not be discouraged by the trying times that force themselves upon you, God has a remedy to fix them!
Unfortunately you don't get to meet the healer -God until you've been hurt by bad situations; 
Even though the devil's snares of tricks may be thick and hard to get out of, when you trust in and follow God, He'll make a way of escape!
Bad situations do not discriminate,they'll hunt you down, find you and then spin a web so thick you can't get out,run to God,He'll save you
If you want out from your bad situations, stay tuned to God and how He is working to get you out from them;
After you have suffered a while, God will restore you and make you strong,firm and steadfast -1 Peter 5:10;
As you wait on God to come with your breakthrough,why not use the time you have to pray?
Though God tarries with your deliverance and your issues may not be fixed yet, be not deceived, God is working, your breakthrough is coming
There's no point in letting troubles and problems spoil your DAY so let's Shabach God for HELP;
God will come along at just the right time with the bailout that you need to get you to where you need to go,don't worry,simply trust Him!
Almost every 1 you meet has had to overcome something,go through something or fight something,keep that in mind as you endure your hardships
Let's all run to God and take those things with us that are making us tired+anxious.Let's reach for Greater;
Are you Confused about where you are?Do you feel like you're stuck side the road with no gas for your car,expect God to show up+get you out
No body likes those dreadful things that happen along the way that makes you run out of gas,steam+hope,let God use them to promote you
You may not have planned where you are+ things might have gone crazy+ended you up Where you didn't want to be, but God can turn it around
Keep Waiting on God,and keep His way,He will exalt you to inherit the land;you will look on when the wicked are cut off-Psalm 37:34
If you will keep waiting on God,you will find that your strength,hope and passion will be renewed-Isaiah 40:31
Trust in God with all your heart,do not lean on your own understanding.In all your ways acknowledge Him,He will make straight your paths
Be still and know that He is God and at just the right time He will fix what needs to be fixed and do what needs to be done!
God never promised the paths for you enroute to your permanent positions would be easy,He'll make it worth it;
Your circumstances are temporary situations allowed by God enroute to your permanent positions,don't curse your path,enjoy the journey!
Trust in the LORD,do not lean on your own understanding.Acknowledge Him and He will make straight your paths-Proverbs 3:5-6
When everything screams you can't trust it,it's not stable+it not for you,trust God,if He's in it,it has no choice except to work for good!
The opposition in your life will try to keep you depressed,down+not feeling like going on!If you want up,you've got to choose to keep going
What do you do when you hope,you pray+you beleive for a miracle from God and it never arrives?Use your faith;
It may be a long,bumpy and uncertain road but just keep following God,You're going to get there!God won't fail!He will work things out!
Your spirit can thrive again,so can your life!God created you to be a victor,not a victim!Every day God will lead you closer to victory!
Don't let the joy go out of your life,God can reignite your waning passion+your waning zeal for life.It's not over till God says it's over!
Don't get comfortable where you are!Keep in mind that it is subject to change when God is in it!It's not over!
Every day may not be a real good day if you have trials,but if you look hard enough you will find good in each day that God gives you!
Instead of letting storms of life ruin your days,ask "God, what are you trying to tell me through this trial?"
Don't let the devil get victory in your life! Don't let him steal your joy! Trust in God with all your heart, turn to Him,He's coming!
Problems will try their best to get the best of you,just be still and know He's God;
Sometimes it's the unusual things you do that brings breakthroughs!Choose to thank God in spite of it all;
Want to have a beautiful day?Meditate on the goodness of God+all that He's done for you+how He has kept you from the snares of the devil!
There's nothing that will happen to you today that you and God can't handle together,so don't be afraid to seize the moments!Enjoy your day
God has given you a bright New Day!Why not trust your troubles to Him today?Walk+ talk to God today to discover all that He has for you!
Instead of looking at your storms in life,look to God today with eyes of faith!Beleive for the impossible;
Don't let the devil get the victory in your life by stealing your joy+turning you into some 1 that murmurs+complains,that's what he wants
When things are bad and stuff looks like it's either not working or not changing,it can make you angry.Invite God to keep you from stumbling
The price of finding and fulfilling your God given destiny may be costly but when it's all said and done you'll see that it is worth it!
Painful experience in your life often serves as teachers to help you find and give birth to the calling God has on your life!
"The things which are impossible with men are possible with God". Have faith in God,He will come through for you!
A crown awaits you if you run your race with excellence-integrity and keep the love of God in your heart.You will finish well and strong!
Your adversity will open the doors for the assignment that God has created for you.So if your trouble thinks it's winning,it's tripping!
God gives you many clues about where you are.You know that you are on the right path and making progress when you encounter stumbling blocks
It may seem like the giants that occupy your promised land is winning and is not going to let you get in,but don't worry God has the key!
Your time to rise from defeat is coming,God has decreed it and that settles it!Your victory is coming,so don't quit and don't worry!
We encourage you to hold on no matter how things look,God will work things out for you;
You can overcome,endure and get past your painful experiences when you keep remembering that God has a better plan for you
It may seem like you are going through hell sometimes,but it's often the going through Hell that brings God on the scene to help you!
God does not always take your problems away, He otten helps you solve them one by one.
Constant problems make you feel like you're in a dark tunnel with no light.If you invite God's light in your situation,He'll shine the light
What you may be going through is temporary and subject to change when God's power touches the situation and changes it for your good!
Following God always pays incredible dividends one way or the other. Don't limit God in how He works, His ways are NOT our ways!
Everything happens for a reason.Even if you don't understand where you are or why things may not be what you want them - trust God anyway
If you think you have had to wait a long time on God consider this, it also took God about 80 years to prepare Moses for his life work.
Impatience can make you choose the wrong way because you're tired.The wrong way can often position you to be tricked by the devil in a snare
It's a mistake to grow impatient with God. It took God about 2,000 years to fulfill His promise to Abraham in the birth of Christ.
"How God chooses to guide You is His responsibility. So just stay in God's lane keep following Him and keep listening
If you're tired of waiting on God,there are alternatives to following God but the consequences that you may face may cost you greatly!
In your daily appointment times with God, seek His Grace and refreshment so you will be able to go on!
**Be careful whose direction you follow,God is not the only 1 trying to lead you,encourage you and comfort you.So is the devil!**
God has the right word for you at the right time to let you know that He is not asleep at the wheel of your life.He is active and present!
Some circumstances remain unchanged and does not improve because of control that is not in line with God;
When life overwhelms you and no one seems to care, spend time with God, He will give comfort you and remind you of what's good in your life!
God cares for you dear 1, He knows what you're going through and He will meet you at your point of need, but you may have to wait on Him
Often imitated but God can never be duplicated,He is the 1 and only;The Alpha,The Omega,The Prince of Peace,Your strong Tower,He'll help you
Keep waiting on God to help you, eventually the doors to your prison cells may swing open;
Until your change comes, seek God for His grace and don't get too comfortable where you are, because God is gonna unbolt your prison doors!
Though God may not be answering or delivering you yet,He is coming, He's gonna show up,He will fix it;
If you want to survive in this world, you'll often find that you will have to be creative and figure some things out until God rescues you!
But do get in a cave if you have to, pull the covers over your head and drown yourself in God's grace until you can get out from bad things!
Don't cave into fear dear 1, and let the devil put a noose around your neck that chokes life out of you!Push,Pull or drag yourself to God
If problems have you feeling like you're in a boiler room and some 1 has turned up the heat,press into God for Grace until He delivers you
When waves of chronic pain and problems surround you;God's word says""My grace is sufficient for you,my power is made perfect in weakness."
Spend this weekend with God@ 
You are a difference maker for God's Kingdom because you re-tweeted! We hope to see you again on 4/20/15 @9:32am! Be blessed!
That's it this week! We're gone to enjoy God's refreshment!Thanks for staying tuned to God as He leads you! Thanks for re-tweeting!
The Lord will guide you +satisfy your needs in parched places! God will step in at the right time to save you;
It is true that God may not have answered your prayer the way you wanted Him to,but many prayers aren't answered because of hidden snares!
God is faithful! He will strengthen and protect you from the evil one and all of the evil snares set to destroy you and your life.
When God helps your day to be better,you'll feel better,do better+be better. In your daily appointment with God,ask Him to show you the way
You're never alone in your problems or pitfalls of despair,God wants to be your GPS,if you'll follow Him; 
God wants to help your days be better!"I will instruct you+teach you in the way you should go;I will counsel you+watch over you-Psalm 32:8
Everybody has good days,sad days then joyous days.It's okay if you have more bad than good days,it'll change!
When things are just oh,so bad,God will carry you when you don't feel like you have the strength,the will or the desire to go on!
Sooner or later, God is going to make a way for you. He will turn things around, just keep waiting on Him;
God Is Your Refuge and Your Strength,He is very present and He is a well-proved help in trouble and times of need! Psalm 46: 1
No problem, sickness, or disease can stand against God's power!He is a way maker and He will make a way! 
Be still and rest in the Lord;wait for Him and patiently lean on Him in your times of lack,distress,uncertainty or sickness!He will show up
If you find yourself backed in a corner with no way out,don't despair. God is a way maker,He will make a way! Hold on and trust God!
Without a doubt the wonder working power of Jesus will break every chain in your life NOT 1 time but every time! Call On the Name of JESUS!
God knows your pain so think about what you need Jesus to fix!Walk from where you are to where God is;
If the chains of oppression,sickness, + financial brokeness keeps trying to hold you down,bring it to Jesus;
If 2015 is terrible for you+you're being pushed through pain,suffering, and lack, exercise your power to make different choices!
God is with you in and through all of your battles even though it may not seem like it;
Do not be afraid or discouraged because an army of bad circumstances may surround you. For the battle is not yours,but God's…
Speak Positive Affirmations such as"If My God is for me and if My God is with me then what or who can stand against me?
Go ahead,walk out of your yesterdays to today where God is,let Him solve YOUR problems;
When you Rely on God,you learn to rest in Him and trust that He is working;
Don't let your heart be troubled or let your body grow weak,believe God,Rely on Him;He won't let you down!
Keep pressing into God.Keep your eyes off your troubles and your abilities and on God and His abilities.He'll help you so don't worry!
Dear Child of God,try not to get discouraged if things haven't changed for you yet.God is working.If you don't understand,simply trust God.
In your alone times with God inquire of Him,ask Him to show you the best way to get out from where you are;
Sometimes your problems may make you want to run and hide cause you are tired of them!God knows and He understands,He's gonna get you out!
Agents of darkness may have a satanic assignment to hinder you,keep you unhappy, sorrowful and make life miserable but not if God steps in!
God may be using your current circumstances to give you a new testimony of His deliverance so that you'll be able to help those around you!
When life tries to close in on you,you must keep fighting.People who fight sometimes win, especially if they win by overcoming adversity.
Sometimes God says "yes" when He answers your prayers,sometimes He says "no", and sometimes He says "not now"!
Trust God when He delays.Be like the persistent widow and keep knocking on God's Heavenly door and keep praying until He answers!
If you will spend more time in prayer and in God's word,He'll transform you into the growing dynamic creation He intended for you to be!
Come what may even if you don't like what is happening or what has happened,God is with you,He'll guide you;
Choose to see your trials as exercises that God is giving you to do.Like a muscle,faith grows with trials and weakens with lack of use.
When God's promises in your life are delayed,it's easy to lose hope in the 1 who made the promise but God will keep His promises to you!
God holds "custom Divine solutions" for you when His set times to give you the solutions you need comes;
God may have allowed "some things"in your life to drag on.What has resisted Human solutions allows God to bring His Divine solutions!
God has seen your pain.He has seen what is bothering you and what troubles you.He knows where you dwell,He's coming with solutions!
If God put His own son Jesus Christ through the furnace of affliction but got Him out,He'll get you out;
If God has allowed you to be barren,broken or disgusted,and you've stayed the course with Him in faith,get ready for supernatural blessings
As you wait on God,be sure to steer clear of depressing thoughts!They will try to pull you down;
Wait on God in spite of the pain,He won't let you down!God will do what He said He will do.He does have a "set time"for you in your future!
The incredible pain produced by your sufferings are serving God's purpose for now,so don't fight the pain.God will get you out eventually!
The pain that torments you when you're in a bad place is often the furnace of affliction that God uses to chisel you into something more!
Do you feel you are in Bad situations+you need God to give you the antidote?Invite Him to help you;
Barren and tight places make you crave something better and something good.God has the antidote to your barren place and He's coming soon!
Think it not strange that the trial you are in just happened as if by chance,your trial is controlled by God and He has ways out for you!
We know all things work together for the good of those that love God,and since you are 1 of those that love the Lord,expect your turnaround!
Each day God waits with anticipation for you to come into His presence,so don't disappoint Him dear 1,for He is waiting for you to show up!
God is working in your circumstances to turn them around.Don't give up praying and seeking God,He has a breakthrough with YOUR name on it!
Want to accept God's invitation to rest before Him in His presence?God is waiting for you;
God is issuing you an invitation again"Come to me,all of you who are weary + burdened and I will give you rest"-Matthew 11:28
God never meant for you to be the answer to everyone's problems or to carry everyone's heavy loads,so let go and let God.
If you want to stay sane,don't keep carrying the heavy load of your problems + worries, keep giving them back to Jesus.
You may have to live with things that seem like they don't ever change or get better for years,but in God's timing things will get better!
God may appear silent as you battle the messes that you go through,but He is not absent.He is present+working 24/7 for your good.
If you don't understand why you are going through,continue trusting God,He may be setting you up to receive a larger miracle in your mess!
No 1 has the power to stop or kill the dream that God has placed on the inside of you,not even death;
Sometimes problems will cause your dreams to totally die.A dead dream ushers in God's power to resurrect it according to His purposes.
As you continue to gain more revelation knowledge of who God is + you keep your daily appointments with God,your problems will be solved!
Often times you would never learn to recognize God's amazing solutions if you didn't have any problems.
Often it is the really bad problems that you have to face in life that prepare you for God's amazing solutions for your life.
God is always working on your behalf.When you think nothing is happening that's when God is working to make all things work for your good.
God's time of change may not have come for you yet,but it will so hold on for it will surely come;
So if your back is up against a wall and things are still not working+you're no better off,God's time of change hasn't come for you yet
Why not make up your mind that no matter what,today is going to be a good day?Then it'll be a good day because God is with you+for you
Every minute you're alive matters+is a minute you'll never get back,so don't let worrying about what you can't control rob you of today!
Today is a new day!Yesterday is over+tomorrow may never come!God wants to come alongside you+show you the way to go!So invite His help!
God understands if you don't feel like constantly having to grapple with your problems+go through.He wants to help You work them out!
No matter how tired you are, or how unmotivated you may be to go on, God really does have a plan;
Need help? Let Jesus Christ show you the way to get help for your problems! Follow Him where He leads you;
I have said these things to you,that in me you may have peace.In the world you will have tribulation,take heart;I have overcome the world.
Don't worry,Be strong&amp;courageous.Don't fear or be in dread of them,God goes with you.He will not leave you or forsake you!
For God did not give you a spirit of timidity,but a spirit of power,of love and of self-discipline-2 Timothy 1:7
You may be hard pressed on all sides,but don't grow weary in your well doing,for at the right time,you'll reap a harvest if you faint not
"Sometimes Your greatest testimonies will come out of your greatest challenges."-S. Innocent
"Fear and worries are the prices You pay for what may never happen.Don't worry dear 1 for God really is in control."
Your problems will try and keep you oppressed&amp;down.,often you'll find yourself on your knees;
If you are open to what God has to say to you,He will speak to you about the desolation that might have seized your life.
Getting a new heart from God positions you for a work of God that changes not just you but the world;
Your new thing often requires a ~New heart that only God can give.
God chips away at the old in your life so that He can bring you your `New thing-
When your plans don't work and it leads to disappointment,often God allows failure because He has a better plan for you!
God wants you to greet each day with expectancy for good things to happen to you.He longs for your involvement in adventures with Him
You can do all things through Christ who will strengthen you;
Refusing to move when God issues you the invitation to launch out into the deep outside of your comfort zone will keep you stuck.
If you will trust God + where He is leading you to,even though it may be outside of your comfort zone,you'll see your `New thing.
As God moves you closer to Your destiny,you'll find you are outside of your comfort zone.Miracles happen outside of your comfort zone!
This month will be the same as last month,if you do the same+make the same decisions,let God change it;
Heavy burdens,anxiety attacks,stress,tiredness,headaches,backaches,low,barren and tight places can all be changed by God,just give Him Time!
Trust God's Timing For your life!What hurts you and makes you worry,matters to God leave it to Him to figure out how to fix your problems!
It's wise to follow God,Trust God and Have faith in Him.Let Him figure out how he needs to make something happen or make something change!
God doesn't always work the same way.He works in mysterious ways and performs wonders of which might leave you wondering how they happened!
What hurts you and makes you worry,matters to God but if you will trust Him,what hurts you and makes you worry will be transformed by God!
It's normal to be puzzled over why things happen to you as they do and to wonder about things,but God is in your mix and He's gonna fix it!
You'll never get there,where God is trying to lead you as long as where you are is holding you hostage and refusing to let you go.
God wants to transform your attitudes so that pain+bitterness are not residents in your life anymore!Knock,seek and look until You find God
God's help manifests in many ways.A stranger suddenly may be moved to help you,something may come in the mail or what you lost may come back
God's ways are higher than your ways,so His solutions will usually never be what you expected them to be;
Dealing with the fear and anxiety that life forces upon you can be difficult,but you don't have to deal with it alone.God wants to help you
God has new ways for you to deal with old problems and obstacles that have been trying to keep you down for years.So seek Him for direction
God eagerly awaits you to invite Him into all that concerns you.He longs for you to lay down your problems,your anxieties and your blocks.
Because God is for you+with you,things are not as bad as they could be,His presence makes a huge difference!His Flow changes what you cannot
Perhaps the threats and problems of life have forced you into crucibles of suffering,let God's Flow help you;
Tough times give you a mental workout like nothing else.Give your tough times to God,Let His Flow alter them;
All obstacles are not bad.Sometimes they are there to protect you,to teach you and to inspire you to dream for something bigger and better!
The obstacles, problems and setbacks in your pathway will be altered or changed when they are placed in God's provisional Flow!
If you're ready to take A Leap of Faith+place Your problems in the Flow of God's Provision,let's go;
We learned a long time ago,that nothing in life is perfect+circumstances may never be perfect but God is Always Good,He always provides!
Allow God's Flow to lead you to what He wants you to do,where He wants you to go+where He wants you to be;
Focusing on what God isn't doing,blocks God's Flow. Whatever you have to do,whether it be walk,run or jump from a plane, change Your Focus!
God doesn't always work the same way.He works in mysterious ways and performs wonders of which might leave you wondering how they happened!
The devil wants to keep you focused on problems,how bad they are +what God isn't doing.But what about what God has already done for you?
Problems block Your Flow+drain your energy+your thought process+alter your mood.If you want God's new season for life,reach for His FLOW!
The Flow of God's Provision is actively moving to accomplish God's plans.Do you want to step into God's Flow?
We agree ,sometimes The last thing you might want to do is believe God when Problems remain unresolved, but Have Faith in God,He won't Fail
The Flow of God's Provision can+will meet you at your point of needs with your problems.You don't have to bear the weight of it all alone
God cares for you!He knows exactly what it is that you are going through.If problems are stressing you out,drop them off in God's Flow!
Can God meet with you?Meet Him @ 
Thank you for your love of our work+for re-tweeting so others can savor the words of Our Wonder Working God!Have a great weekend!
~We're gone now to enjoy Our New Adventures with God,we hope to see you back on 04/13/15@9:32am where The Beat of God's word goes on!
Following God's plans for your life may not always be easy but if it is "Really" God's plan for You it will be worth it to follow it!
Out of the ashes of your life,God will bring streams of living water so that you will be fruitful+multiply when you follow His plan.
When you work in God's plan,you will be happy,empowered,comfortable+satisfied!When you're like this,you are fruitful+you will be fulfilled
In your next appointment time with God,ask Him to prepare you so that you will be ready for Him to reveal His plan to you for your life.
If you're willing to let go of what's not working in your life,God will show you the plan that He has for your life if you're ready.
No matter how much transforming you do,some things will never work because it's not part of God's plan for your life for them to work.
If you've been down+out because of what's not,God will show you things you never thought of before+a different way of looking at your plight
In your unique situation,As God works,He will show you the things you need to change + the things you need to take out of your life.
God will help you overcome the obstacles + trials that have seized you and don't want to let you go,so hold on to God's unchanging hand!
You may have been going through so long until you haven't been able to see straight,God will open your eyes to new joyful possibilities!
As God transforms you,you may have to weep + feel bad about your circumstances for a long time but God will infuse you with His New Joy!
Hold on dear 1,better days are ahead for you.After the storms of life,the Sun will shine again for you,so don't worry.
Going through Hell when you are being stripped+transformed by God makes you pursue Him like never before;
You may be in a season of life where everything that was familiar to you has been stripped away.God often strips you to reposition you
As God works to transform you He is careful to remove any + all residue that shouldn't be in your life as He chisels you into a perfect Gem.
God says I know the plans I have for you,"plans to prosper you + not to harm you,plans to give you hope and a future".
God's transformation process for your life can be tough to bear but He has a plan for your life that surpasses any pain that you suffer!
No matter what you're going through ,God has a remarkable ability to keep you in perfect peace if you will stay in His lane and not faint
Have you ever wondered why God allowed so many problems in your life? A Message For You;
Things are going to get better for 
God wants to bring back the thrill+excitement that you once had for your life and for His Word!So let Him keep working to revive you
Don't let problems in life steal your joy. Let God speak to you. He wants to help you understand;
Instead of looking at your insufficiency,choose to look at God's sufficiency!Instead of looking at your lack,look at God's abundant supply
Yesterday is over and tomorrow may never come for some but you have right now to be happy like God wants you to!What's Your choice?
Though God may tarry with the answers that you seek,wait for Him.For at the right time, He will surely come;
If you've found that what you're going through is taking life out of you because you're being drained.Seek God for an infusion of energy
You are a beloved child of God.Because you are God's child,He can and will help you out from bad situations;
The demons of discouragement will continue to try to take control of your life! You don't have to fight alone!Let go and let God dear 1!
If you have been afflicted and down in the dumps, don't worry, God is working. Things will get better;
The deliverance that God gives comes in His timing and in His way.Try not to be discouraged that delays and setbacks happen!It's normal
It can be hard to have faith because of life's overwhelming problems,but you can do it with God's help;
Sometimes God will let you get tired so He can reposition you for a new assignment for your life;
Choose to be easy on yourself and show yourself some grace,rest in knowing that God has your life in His complete control.
Never ending pressure and stress are set ups for failure and future health challenges.You owe it to yourself to model Jesus;rest and pray
Jesus said in Matthew 11:30"Keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly."Why not take Him up on His offer?
Sometimes the circumstances in life may seem overbearing + overwhelming but you would be surprised what some "good"rest will do for you!
Choose to Rest from your burdens,your work,your cares+ so much busyness,your mind,body and Spirit can only take so much!Let God refresh you
If you want the solutions God offers you,we suggest you chisel time in your schedule daily to meet with God. Give Him time to speak to you!
If your schedule is tied up with other activities,other people+other things when will there be sufficient time and space for God to show up?
God wants to talk you through your troubles,He wants to give you solutions that work.Empty your schedule of activities,seek God for His help
The demands + pressures of life will never stop,so you have to decide when you've had enough and Keep seeking God for His help!
Why not get alone and away with God?Tell Him what is bothering you,what you need and how you feel about it!You will feel SO much better!
Each day God waits with anticipation for you!He waits for you to pray,seek+follow Him!Don't disappoint Him,He expects YOU to show up!
If You are the 1 that God is looking for who is tired of ruts and stale situations,come get away with God!
Matthew 11:28-30 says""Are you tired,Worn out,Burned out?Come Get away with me,you'll recover your life.I'll show you how to take a rest.
As God walks+talks with you,ask Him to give you relief from Hard cruel labor!He will give you rest that refreshes you so you can thrive!
As God walks and talks with you Wait for Him to send you directions that will help you get safely through worrisome troubles and situations
Dysfunctional situations and corrupt systems,sickness and brokenness won't go away easy,but keep seeking God-He'll make a way for YOU!
What if God hasn't filled your cups because you haven't filled His cups the way He's wanted YOU too?
Today can be wonderfully exciting for you and God will fill your cup in many different ways when you earnestly seek Him and follow Him!
If you want God to walk+talk you through your troubles and fill YOUR cup, won't YOU fill His cup?
God is moving!He's looking for those tired of being in ruts+stale situations. Are you the 1 He's looking for or should He look for another?
God's direction for your life often comes through your rejection,your disappointments,your hurts+setbacks;
If you're in trouble,in a tight place or just need God's help,He is ready,willing and able to walk and talk you through it.
God wants to talk to you+help you figure out things that have been puzzling YOU!He has ways you've never thought of to fix what troubles YOU
Yippy Do Da,Yippy Day,My Oh My what a wonderful day today will be if you Will invite God to walk and talk with YOU all day today!
Keep believing in God for you do have a reason to hope.God is not a man that He shall lie,what He has promised you,He will do!
You're gonna soon see child of God that what has been meant for evil in your life,God will turn it around;
We too have had to fight all kinds of schemes,tricks and snares from the devil but God is faithful,He always makes a way out of no way!
If you're searching for a miracle,look in the mirror.The miracle is YOU!Life has taken it's best shot and You're still here!
Your sufferings may have been going on for a long time now,but Joy has been scheduled by God for you,and it's on it's way to you!
God is and always has been all you will ever need.Hexes and curses won't work against God's power to deliver and save you!
When you're pushed in a corner and there seems to be no way out and no help on the horizon,just wait and trust that God will help you!
You don't have to keep trying to destroy the strong holds that try to hold you hostage because God will;
God is still working behind the scenes on "shifting" things around for you.You may not see it yet,but it's coming, so stay tuned to God!
A paradigm shift is when significant change happens - usually from 1 distorted view that is insufficient to a clearer view full of potential
A wonderfully exciting paradigm shift will occur for you when God enters into your midst and shows you His future plans for your life!
Look for God's leading to the higher and better plans that He has for your life! 
Your world as you know it will change when you see the world through the lenses of God's eyes;Let Him fix your vision!
If you walk with God long enough,it won't take you long to figure out who your haters are and what their strategy against you is.
Something or some 1 will always be trying to irritate you,push you or steal your joy.If they keep refusing to change,change yourself!
While it is true,things may not always go as you had them planned but God can allways make lemonade out of the lemons life gives you!
What ails you doesn't have to kill you,take your joy or make life miserable.Allow God to change how you see it so you can get through it
The woes of yesterday will keep on trying to keep you down if you're not careful.Daily you can beat them all,just give them to God!
If you've waited on God this long,you owe it to yourself and God to keep waiting to see what breakthrough He has for you!
To be more than what you are often requires more than what you are currently doing.God often designs success to be an upward climb!
Don't let the world make you sad because it compares you to some one else,choose to be who God created you to be not a copy of some 1 else!
Do yourself a favor to help yourself out?Instead of trying+getting so tired,invite God to whip your giants;
God's strength is perfect.He never gets tired of fighting your battles for you and never tires of bailing you out!He is only a prayer away
Of course your circumstances are going to resist change for the better,they do not want you to get ahead and don't want to see you free!
Rough times and rough people such as the ones you face need a power and strength greater than yours,they need God's intervention!
As long as you are trying in your own strength,you are bound to get wore out,burnt out and tired out.God has been waiting for you to let go
Dear 1,if you've reached the point of being tired of trying,perhaps that's the problem. Hand what worries you to God,let Him try!
Feel like there's no 1 there to help?Need a champion to come along and help? Seek God, He is able to help!
Come to me,if you are sick and tired of being sick and tired and I will refresh YOU. God wants to help you;
When you follow God's leads and follow His easier ways you will find that "His yokes are easy and His burdens light."-Matthew 11:30
Take my yoke upon YOU and learn from me,for I am mild-tempered and lowly in heart, and YOU will find refreshment for YOUR soul- Matt. 11:29
You may be worn out from wailing because of frustrating things that keep bothering you but when you surrender what's hard,God will fix it!
The LORD Almighty has sworn,"Surely,as I have planned,so it will be,and as I have purposed, so it will stand-Isaiah 14:24
"My thoughts are nothing like your thoughts," says the LORD. "And my ways are far beyond anything you could imagine".-Isaiah 55:8
Be strong and let your heart take courage as you wait and hope for and expect the Lord,He will show you easier ways!
How would you feel if you knew that you were never alone in your struggles,that God is always with you?
God always has an easier way for you."I am going to do something new.I will clear a way in the desert.I will make rivers on dry land".
Sometimes you may be left no other choice but to trust God when your pathways stay broken and the signs remain unclear for long times.
God is not the author of confusion,but of peace so He longs to clear up the confusion that may exist in your life because of "tight places"
Sometimes you may not realize how bad and wrong something was until God gets you out and then shows you a better and easier way.
Some struggles exists because God is looking out for you and keeping you from snares of the devil;
Inquire of God,seek Him for the "right"paths so that He may show you the best ways to get there and avoid the hidden snares of the evil 1.
God wants to release abundance into your life.You don't have to be down,out and barren anymore get ready for God to "shift"things around
If what you are doing continues to not work after huge amounts of repeated efforts,God wants you to seek Him for new pathways!
The cold stark reality of life is that life can be a constant struggle.It doesn't have to be so hard.God wants to guide you easier ways!
■Therefore do not lose heart.Though outwardly you are wasting away,inwardly God is renewing you day in and day out!-2 Corinthians 4:16
God will give you the strength to get through!He will help keep your way safe+secure if you trust Him;
■Even if you walk through the darkest valley,fear no evil,for God is with you to guide you and to comfort you.-Psalm 23:4
The storms of life bring you to a place of desperation.God meets you in your desperation;
Did you know that Colonel Sanders was 70 years old before he got his first deal to license his chicken recipe for Kentucky Fried Chicken?
Many people don't realize this but some of the greatest successes have been achieved by those over 50 after failing over and over again
God wants you to live a life full of success and abundance!Failure is necessary to help you find your way!
God will transform your failures and your past when you get closer to Him;
Since you have to deal with failure,you might as well let your failure transform your life,instead of letting it ruin your life!
Instead of allowing your past failures to depress you and keep you stuck,why not allow your past failures to transform you?
Incredible turbulence may surround your life as you get repositioned by God,don't worry it's all part of the process of getting there
God has more in store for you!God has new jobs,new businesses+better relationships in store for you as He repositions you to a better place
Contrary to how the situations that you face in your life may look right now,you're not meant to be held captive+oppressed all of your life
As God continues to work in your life,He is wooing you from dark places that demoralize you,drain you+hinder you from His highest+best
If your dreams are God given or God inspired you don't have to make them come true,because God will in His perfect timing
It is really not easy to hold on to your dreams as the struggles of life slowly removes them from your mind,but hold on,God will help you
When you give your pain and sorrow to God,He will transform them and give you beauty for your ashes;
If you are tired "I will fully satisfy the weary soul,and I will replenish every languishing and sorrowful person"- Jeremiah 31: 25
When Jesus was very tired and needed direction,He would get up early in the morning and get alone and go pray-Mark 1:35
Never ending pressure and stress are set ups for failure and future health challenges.You owe it to yourself to model Jesus+rest+pray
Be still+rest in God;wait for Him+patiently lean yourself upon Him;fret not yourself because of those who prospers in evil ways Psalm 37:7
Sometimes God will let you get really tired so that He can reposition you for a new assignment for your life;
Choose to be easy on yourself and show yourself some grace,rest in knowing that God has your life in His complete control.
Jesus said in Matthew 11:30"Keep company with me and you'll learn to live freely and lightly."Why not take Him up on His offer?
Sometimes the circumstances in life may seem overbearing + overwhelming but you would be surprised what some "good"rest will do for you
God wants to give you refreshing and life giving rest,but you have to choose to receive and accept the rest He wants to give you
Choose to Rest from burdens,your work,your cares,from your worries,from your labor!Choose to rest in God;
The demands + pressures of life will never stop,so you have to decide when you've had enough and do something about it!
Why not get alone and away with God?Tell Him what is bothering you,what you need and how you feel about it!You will feel much better
"Are you tired?Worn out?Burned out?Turn to God so that He can give you healing+living rest that refreshes and revives you!
If you are languished and weary from having to go through so much,don't worry God has a plan to refresh,revive+restore you!
God wants to give you respite from Hard+cruel labor!He wants to give you rest that refreshs your soul+spirit so that your life can thrive
Spend Easter with God@ 
Happy Easter!
Your Sharing,Your Re-tweeting+Your Saving our Tweets are making Huge differences for God's Kingdom!Thanks for being a Co-Worker with God
We're gone to enjoy the "Resurrection,Revival+Renewal that the Easter Message offers to all those who simply Believe!Have a great weekend!
That's it this week!Happy Easter!We're enjoying the resurrection+renewal of basking in God's presence!We'll look for you 4/06/15@9:32am
God goes before you to make the crooked roads straight+clear your path of hidden snares.There is safety in following God. Keep following
If God has decided that your destiny will be extraordinary,you will experience,extraordinary pain,extraordinary suffering and brokenness!
You'll never know what's on the other side of where God is leading you to until you have the courage to take the risk and follow Him.
God is always willing to lead you,but you must make the decision to follow Him or stay in your comfort zone where there is safety.
As you walk with God and take steps neccessary to follow His leads,His revelation knowledge will lead you;
As God continues to work in your life to change things around,you might as well try to enjoy your now instead of worrying about tomorrow!
Many bad things may have lingered in your life,and if they've resisted change and show no progress,God will fix what seems impossible!
"The word that goes forth from My mouth shall not return to Me void,it shall prosper in the thing for which I sent it"-Isaiah 55:11
God has not forgotten the promises,He's made you,He is not a man that He should lie!He will make those promises come true in due season!
God is radically moving in the Earth realm changing what needs to be changed and fixing what needs to be fixed.He has not forgotten you!
Time plays tricks on you if you're in a hurry to achieve success.God's way may seem slow,it's always best;
Determine to do whatever it takes to finish this year strong,and live your life on purpose because your very best is yet to come!
With barely a few months left to the end of the year 2012,God wants you to make each moment count.
God enjoys your company and He is so glad when you take the time to pay Him a visit and sit with Him for a while and just chat!
When God shows up with His amazing refreshing power and presence,He will heal you,restore you and revive you;
God's refreshment for your life will give you the energy to seek Him for His very best for your life!
When God has chosen you to do extraordinary things and to live an extraordinary life,expect to have extraordinary problems and attacks.
Because you have been given that power by God to make different choices,you can choose to make each day extraordinary!
God never meant for burdens of life to weigh you down like heavy stones!Let God move them-A Message For You;
God gently reminds you to choose wisely how you choose to feel.You have the power to make different choices;
God will continue to amaze and intrigue you with the marvelous ways in which He works,He is determined to refresh you!
Every day God allows you to choose how you will feel.Being happy is a choice.Being depressed is a choice.Being sad is a choice.
God will do His best daily to make you happy,but you have to make the choice as to wheter you will choose to be happy in spite of problems!
Being anxious about your life is normal,but God can refresh you easier and quicker when you focus on Him;
When things in your life are dull,they become boring and uninteresting.God's light of refreshment will inspire new possibilities
Today, Why not allow God to jump right into your mix of circumstances and change some things around to refresh you?
The mundane grid of life can oftentimes dull your senses,your desires and your passions.God wants to refresh you!
God understands your weariness,your pains,your sufferings,and your doubts,He's assuring you that His greater purposes will prevail for you!
Happy Good Friday! Choose to be excited as you imagine and grab a hold of what might happen today if God decides to resurrect Your Life!
When you arise in the morning,think of what a privilege it is to be alive- to breathe,to enjoy and to consider God's new possibilities!
Every day God gives you,you have to make choices.Will you choose God's new possibilities or entertain the doubt that wants to dwell with you
Your new possibilities won't have a chance to flourish in your life if you hold on to the old ones that aren't working!So let go and let God
It's not unusual for you to feel the pressure and stress of having to go through as you wait on God to fulfill His promises!God won't fail!
God can bring New possibilities into your life when you acknowledge Him and allow Him to direct your path!
Instead of staring at the mound of problems that threaten to overwhelm you,God wants to invite you to consider New possibilities!
For your light and momentary troubles are achieving for you an eternal glory that far outweighs them all;
You may be really tired,and don't think you can take it anymore or endure the "problems",God will give you the strength if you'll keep going
God may have to keep taking you through some "stuff"to get you to cross over from where you are to where He wants you to be,keep going!
When God decides to change circumstances,the lame will leap like a deer,and the mute tongue will shout for joy!Nobody does it like God can
God may have led you through some vast and dreadful deserts,but He's leading you through something to get to something better!
Behold,I will do a new thing;now it shall spring forth;shall ye not know it?I will make a way in the wilderness,and rivers in the desert.
God will never leave or forsake you.He is your helper and He is a very present help in your times of trouble and need!
We have found that you have to empty your mind of old ideas that don't work to make room for the new ideas that God wants to impart to you!
Awesome discoveries await you as you walk with God and follow His lead,though the way He take you may be long and slow you'll get there!
Want God to help you find the discoveries that are hidden in your problems?Ask Him to help you;
God has new discoveries hidden in the problems of your life that can only be discovered as you allow Him to lead you through your problems
Let's face it,some things in your life may not be changed for a while,why let them keep dragging you down?Let God fill you with joy!
Renewed confidence,a sense of purpose and getting close to the destiny that God has planned for you can all be yours when you seek God daily
God wants to guide you in your times of trouble and dismay.When what you are doing is not working,God has a better plan for you!
Allowing God to guide you will save you from having to go through really bad situations that you can't get out of!
If you are having a tough time finding your way,why not allow God to guide you to the right people and the right places today?
Although God allows problems,at anytime He can exercise His right to change at anytime;
Still uncertain? In all your ways acknowledge God, He will show you which path to take. -Proverbs 3:6
Your setbacks, your problems and your disappointments are setups for God to show up and do the impossible in your life. So trust Him!
Even if you think that your life is beyond repair,it is not beyond repair.God can take your ashes and He can make your life beautiful!
As you wait,God will help you contend with the obstacles in your life that threaten to overflow you+drive you to the brink of insanity!
So as you keep waiting on God to answer you or to deliver you,why not choose to make the best of your time by helping someone else in need?
If it seems like you are never going to get there, don't worry, almost everyone you meet that follows God is waiting on something from God!
Therefore, if you're really tired, be steadfast,unmovable+always abound in the work of the Lord,your work+faith in God is not in vain!
Almost every 1 you meet is doing what they can to get through.No matter how bad your life has been God can redeem it!
So if you want to safely make it through,follow God your pilot and assume your rightful position as co-pilot with Him so you'll get there!
Instead of being doubtful,wait on God for more,find reasons to trust Him;
Sometimes before God can open doors from bad circumstances, He'll work to free you in your mind;
As every airplane has a pilot that Flys it,for every pain,every heartache+sickness in your life,God is the pilot that guides you through!
Remember the battle does not belong to you,it belongs to the Lord! He'll win the battles concerning you, but He often wins it His way!
Though you may be tired of where you are+ tired of things not working right,be safe don't let the thrill of running ahead of God lure you in
Sometimes the more that you need from God is not found in things,people or places. The more you need is God;
Choose to look at your bag of problems full of hope that,as your problem arise, God will deliver you out of them+lead you to something more
God is faithful;He will not let you suffer beyond what you can bear.God will provide a way out so you'll be able to bear it, so don't worry
The changes and challenges of life are not meant to hold you hostage so you live in fear,these are opportunities for you to trust God!
God sees+knows exactly what you're going through. No trial of suffering has seized you with no plan of escape.God is preparing the way out!
Dear 1, the struggles of life may seem long and hard but if you'll be of good courage today, God will strengthen you if you hope in Him!
If you've waited on God this long,you owe it to yourself and God to keep waiting to see what breakthroughs He has for you!
To be more than what you are often requires more than what you are currently doing.God often designs success to be an upward climb!
Don't let the world make you sad because it compares you to some one else,choose to be who God created you to be not a copy of some 1 else!
" The real successful people are not those who have money or power,but those who can transform a breakdown into a breakthrough."-S.Z.
Your something better would not exist if what you've already been through wasn't so terribly awful!
Don't let the difficulties that God has allowed in your life turn you off,it's all just part of God's process to your something better!
"A hopeless person feels difficulty in every chance,but a hopeful person feels a chance in every difficulty!"Which are you?
Everything that you have gone through has been preparing you for something else better.God is preparing you;
In your life,no matter how the way seems to be blocked or blurred,God will show you a hole to escape to so you can breakthrough to light!
Instead of going through life full of dread of what life throws at you,why not "Make each moment of life a celebration?"
Your set time of abundance and happiness is coming.It is often held on the other side of your pain,your sufferings and your setbacks.
God cares for you.He wants what is best for you and He'll pull you up and out of the miry pit of your despair;
It may not look like it and in the natural it may seem that nothing has really changed,but something has really changed and often it's you!
God has incredible rewards scheduled for you in your future,if you can stay the course with God and keep on fighting the good fight of faith
To stay where you are and be happy with less than God's highest and best robs you of the divine destiny God holds for you!
You may have gotten tired of where you are by God's design.God wants to do something wonderfully large in your life when you follow Him!
Incline your ear to God today to hear what "thus saith the Lord".God may have a`now word for you;
Want to change your life? Spend time with God, inquire of Him, ask Him to lead you to your NEW;
Instead of focusing on why you can't do something God wants you to do,why not focus on why perhaps you can and be 1 of the exceptions-S.Case
God never said life would be easy,He said with Him all things are possible if you believe- Mark 9:23
God wants to unwrap the greatness that is on the inside of you,so He chips away at petty things that try to hold you down+hold you back
If you want what God has for you that is much better,you have to become willing to leave what is not best and what's not working for you!
God created you for more!You don't have to stay stuck in low paying jobs,dysfunctional relationships or ventures that don't work
For every failure,God has an alternative course of action.You just have to find it.When you come to a roadblock,take a detour.
God allows the difficulties of your life so that they will make you better,not bitter.So expect God's better after YOUR bitter~
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry,show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile; 
Your problems+hard situations will try and choke life out of you if you let them.Turn to God for YOUR new;
Why not become open to the new possibilities God has in store for you instead of focusing on what went wrong + what you don't have?
Life is just way too short to be miserable when God has many other choices + possibilities for you!
Life is just way too short to be miserable when God has many other choices + possibilities for you!
God wants to give you new joys,new discoveries+new opportunities but as long as you hold on to what doesn't work you will stay stuck.
God is so awesomely original that He makes all things NEW,even each day He gives us is NEW;
Your new adventure with God is a decision away.God is big enough to bring about something better for you if you'll trust Him!
You don't have to be held hostage to your circumstances if you are tired of them+they are not working.Seek God's infusion of `a new thing!
If you think the devil is bothering you or trying to hinder your new open doors,fight back;
God is nudging you forward from old places+old things that are not working. He wants to empower you to walk forward to the doors He opens!
Continue to listen+look for God to speak to you and walk+talk with you in your troubles as He opens doors;
The doors God opens for you will work if you do.If you don't want to or don't feel like working,neither will the doors God opens for you!
Jesus Christ works with God to open the right doors for you,He stands ready and willing to work in YOUR life;
Jesus said"Who ever drinks of the water I give will never thirst.The water I give will become a fountain of water springing to lasting life!
The doors God opens for you will be like a gushing stream of life giving water.His abundant supply lies in the stream of life giving water
Do you want or need God to open more right doors for you?Are you ready to meet God where He is at work?
God knows you may have used up what you had.He knows you may be tired+not have much strength.He is working to open the right doors for YOU!
God is working, He has seen your Your waning resources + your tiredness, He's getting ready to move;
Revelation 3:7 states"I see what You've done.Now see what I've done.I've opened a door before you that no 1 can shut!
It doesn't matter who won't help you,who won't call you or who doesn't like you,What God opens no 1 can shut and what He shuts no 1 can open
Perhaps your turnaround from God did not include the fixing of old things, for behold the new has come!
If you find yourself facing deplorable situations+waning resources,Get ready,Get ready -God Wants to open New doors in your life!
We're gone to be refreshed by God!We hope to see you again real soon!We'll be back on 3/30/15@9:32 am. Have a Wonderful weekend!
Spend Time with God@
That's it this week!Thanks for re-tweeting+sharing the Powerful Word of God. Spend more time with God and watch Him work in your situations
Maybe your dreams have died so God can rebirth the dreams He originally plannned for you when He created you;
And since you are only a thought away from your better place,God may let you stay in a bad place until you change YOUR thoughts!
Sometimes your problems drag on because God wants you to change how you think.You are only a thought away from YOUR better place
Sometimes when God doesn't change your problems right away or remove your difficulties,He works on you instead of the problems
Choose to remember this,no matter how things look,they are NOT a true indicator of Your worth or God's goodness+His ability to provide
God wants to help you climb through your problems,work around your problems,or even push through it+come out the other side victoriously!
If it was going to work out for you of it's own accord,it would already be worked out.Since it May NOT have,YOU do need God's help!
You may not see how in the world God will work things out,but don't worry anymore God is able; 
When God works things out for you,they will be better than they were before.He takes the problems you had +turns them into stepping stones
You have the divine right to succeed and to have abundance in your life along with Great health and good relationships!
Since YOU'RE a miracle,if you have trouble speaking in YOUR atmosphere,speak how AWESOME God is creating YOU;
Though troubles in YOUR life may persist,it's OK,just wait `cause God has not FULLY exercised His right to alter YOUR circumstances YET!
If you'll listen for God as He speaks to you and wait on Him and let Him do things His way,eventually your breakthroughs will come!
There is NOBODY greater than God in solving problems or fixing messes.Listen for how God speaks to guide YOU;
Don't get weary in YOUR well doing for at the right time you will reap a harvest if you faint NOT;
To get what you've never had,God may be lead you to do what you've never done.Stay open to how He chooses to speak to YOU.He will speak
Boldly decree and declare that your turnaround in life is coming.Feverently pursue God for YOUR breakthrough!After all YOU deserve it!
So if God has already brought you through many disasters in life,don't YOU think He'll bring YOU through now?
You're a miracle because you've already made it through setbacks,disappointments,loss,financial disasters,sickness and all kinds of perils!
With so much going on in YOUR life,it may be hard for you to believe God for miracles,but have you forgotten YOU"RE a Miracle?
When problems abound use God's mighty weapons, not worldly weapons to demolish strongholds+problems; 
Of course life may not be fair,problems may not be disappearing as fast as you might like,but use what God gave you to get what you need!
Look up<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX>dear seeker of God not down!For your help comes NOT from the North or South but from God,who made Heaven and Earth!
God's word of deliverance for your life is most potent when things are not working !A Message For You;
God has seen YOUR afflictions.He'll deliver!His question to YOU is Where is YOUR Faith?What are YOU speaking?
God<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX> who made you has something to say to YOU. God<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX> who formed you in YOUR mother's womb wants to help you,so do not be afraid of anything!
Patient endurance is what you need,so you'll continue to do God's will so you can receive what He promised;
If you could see how things were going to work out or see how God was gonna "fix" things,God wouldn't be asking you to trust Him!
Every denial,every delay,every setback+every thing that the devil used to make your life miserable will lead to your biggest blessings
When God lets you out of your prison cell of bad circumstances that's held you hostage,you'll see what God had for you was worth the fights
If you're at the crossroads where things have gotten so bad,whatever you give up on,don't give up on God,because He won't give up on you!
Want to come closer to God?Drop what you're doing like it's hot and meet God right now in the power of a song;
Lean in much closer to God,for He is calling you from where you are to where He is with your abundant life waiting for you!
Whatever has been worrying you,depressing you and making you fearful,God is going to change it in his time and in His way, so don't worry!
Just keep moving forward with God, He will enlarge you in all aspects of your life when you stay in His lane and don't quit!
If you want God's plan for your life to come true,follow the way God guides you!Choosing God's ways,will get you God sized results!
When you choose God's way,instead of the world's way,you will begin to experience the peace of God,the success of God and the favor of God
God wants to work on your thought life so the demons of doubt don't constantly keep you down,let Him work;
Your life will go in the direction of your thoughts.Proverbs 4:23 states "Carefully guard your thoughts they are the source of true life"
The demons of doubt are famous for reminding you of what's not working,what you don't have and how you haven't made it yet!
As God works to make something good out of the ashes of your life,we've learned that some things will never change until you change!
Don't get weary in well doing,your due season is coming!God will reward your patience in waiting on Him;
Pain and heartache will often keep you locked up in an emotional prison with no hope for release.God wants to show up and get you out!
Being impatient with God can be costly,we don't recommend it at all.No matter how long it takes,wait on God;
As you continue to experience the pain+heartache that living life brings,be patient with God as He works to bring good out of your misery!
Things fall apart for a reason. Allow God to use what broke to lead you to "His New Thing for your life";
Perhaps God has brought you to where you are and now He's asking you to believe even though you don't see;
Here's an idea for you;instead of cursing what went wrong in your life,why not turn to God and ask Him to bring something "new" and better?
Have you not heard? Have you not seen? The wonder of God's working in others lives? If He did it for them, He'll do it for you!
Weeping,trouble,disappointment and being broke always comes before your breakthrough,you are being set up for God's powerful provisions!
The goodness of God will chase you down and come into your situations to transform you and them no matter how bad things are.Be ready!
God's goodness will amaze you.His methods will astound you.His interventions will leave you speechless.Look around+look up,for God is coming
God is looking intently at you today.He's thinking and deciding how best to act in your circumstances,so expect His intervention and help!
Oh,taste and see that God is good,not just sometimes but all of the time.Discouragement won't win if you turn to God. He will help you!
If you've decided you're ready to do things God way's,God's bailout is scheduled for you!Stay expectant;
If you're ready to push,pull or drag yourself to God to get your bailout,show up and meet Him now;
It is going to be alright dear child of God.It may not look like it,it is often darkest before it is dawn.God is coming with your turnaround
Don't let your trouble keep on troubling you,let God trouble it and in the meantime,let God bail you out.Push,pull or drag yourself to Him!
But God who is rich in mercy will rescue you from the snares of the devil+the horrible conditions that have beseiged you to cause you pain
If it had not been for God who is on your side,you would have already been swallowed up,tied up and left side the road with no ride!
Don't expect things to be fair,right or just.We live in a fallen world with man made rules but God is sovereign over it,He knows what to do
Are you Broke?tired?frustrated?Take rest in God,pull into His presence!Rest in Him until your bailout comes;
Going through hell is often the price you have to pay to get the blessings that lie on the other side of your trouble.So don't give up+quit!
If you've been ambushed,lied on,stolen from,talked about,set up for failure,depressed+left broke to die,God will find a way to bail you out
Haven''t you heard?Didn't you know?When God is in it,God's bailout for your life can lead to new beginnings;
God doesn't want you constantly having to suffer,that's not why Jesus Christ came.Jesus came to give you life+give you life more abundantly
Perhaps dear 1,God has allowed some things to happen so He could bail you out so that He can redirect you into His purposes for your life!
As God helps you out,don't worry about what you can't control,keep waiting on Him;
No matter how bad things are or how they look,God cares for you.He is working,He has a plan for your life;
Since it all belongs to God anyway,whatever you've lost,He can replace.Whatever is not working He can intervene at the right time+change it
If the root worker's curse could have killed you,you'd already be dead,your tight places don't have the power to hold you when God shows up
Seeking God and finding Him when you're going through hell will change you.When God decides to bail you out,it will change your sufferings!
Oh,dear 1.God's been keeping a secret for you,it's the secret of how He plans to bail you out from your sufferings!Won't you seek him today?
The earth is the Lord's+the fullness thereof,it all belongs to God.Give it all to Him,let Him bail you out;
If you're like us,you want out from bad,rough,tight places yesterday!Well today is your day!Reach for God,let Him bail you out!
Tough situations that persist and take you through 1 twist and turn after another can be a trip!Do yourself a favor and let God bail you out
Why worry about what you can't control-God's got it!Let Him fix problems!Drop them off to Him,walk forward;
If God were to ask you what 1 thing you needed help out the most with today,what would it be?Whatever it is,bring it to God,let Him work!
Are you tired of suffering?Are you fed up with going through 1 thing after another?God has seen your afflictions and wants to help you out
Tomorrow will be a new day that God gives you! Choose to unwrap your day by seeking God for the beauty He has planted within your day!
Want strength?Your strength will rise as you wait upon the Lord no matter how long it takes Him;
What God has for you,is for you!Your circumstances may not look like you will make it or ever get there,but Oh,Child of God you'll make it
The detours of life aren't strong enough to stop the plan of God in your life,though God tarries He is never late.He will come and help you
"For God hath not given You the spirit of fear;but of power,and of love,and of a sound mind."2 Timothy 1:7
"And He said unto them, Why are You so fearful? How is it that You have no faith?"Mark 4:40
Be comforted dear anxious 1,God will protect and save you from the snares of the evil one. The snares and traps won't work no matter what!
If something is trying to drag you down and doesn't want you to get out or up,cry out to God for help; 
"When the enemy comes in like a flood,The Spirit of the Lord will lift up A standard against him." Isaiah 59:19
The Lord is You light and Your salvation;whom shall You fear?The Lord is the strength of Your life;of whom shall You be afraid?-Psalms 27:1
The devil loves to rule by making you fearful and worrying you, You can do all things through Christ Jesus! So, don't let the devil rule!!
God doesn't want you constantly worried about any and everything, He wants you to have faith in Him;
1 Peter 5:7 reminds you of what to do when you are uncertain and worrying*"Cast all your anxieties on God because He cares for you."*
It is usually the uncertainties of life that will keep you up at night,worry you and stress you to the point of no return.Just Trust God!
Never let the disgust that you feel towards a turn in life make you bitter,don't let it Sour your relationship with God,it's NOT worth it.
The turns of life can be terrible,they usually force you to go ways you don't want to go. It's okay to be disgusted dear 1,God understands
When everything in your life may seem uncertain because of the complexities of life,God is for certain.He won't leave you or forsake you!
The complexities of life can often cause you to find yourself on a long path full of detours and uncertainties,don't worry God is with you!
Just because you may be limited in what you can do,God is NOT limited as to what He can do."With God all things are possible if you believe"
Falling down repeatedly is part of the journey,it not uncommon to feel like you're so down you will never make it.God will help You make it
If you've gotten tired from going through,God issues you the same invitation"Come to me all you who are weary+burdened+I will give you rest
God has given you many gifts including the gift of each new day!Worshiping God no matter what is One of your gifts back to God!
If your life is tough+your hope is gone,it will drain you!Why not get alone from the noise+meet with God?
God never meant for your vibrancy of life to slowly fade.He is seeking to revive+restore your passion for His plan+purposes for your life
It is not unusual for some things to end in your life.Endings always open up space and allow God to bring you your new beginnings
You might think that you have it bad but there is always some one worst off than you are;
There is nothing that God can not fix or turn around for your good+His glory when you surrender it to Him+how He chooses to work
The difficulties in your life always bring God on the scene to speak to you through those He's ordained;
Getting to the right path that leads to your better life requires that you understand and act on the messages that God sends you!
The messages and inspirations that God sends you are not sent at random.They are specifically meant for you to guide you to the right path
God is always speaking to you about where you are and where He is leading you to.He always has a message for you that will change your life
For your Father knows what you need before you ask Him.His renewal + rewards in your life is based upon what He knows you need!-Matthew 6:8
When God Renews you,you will know!When God Rewards you,you will know!
Your work may be hard+the people you serve may not reward you or recognize your hard work on their behalf,but God will renew you+reward you
Next time you get ready to quit,ask yourself this;Am I really going to let this defeat me?After all the work,sweat+tears I have put in this
God is willing to help you each and every step of the way.He will do His part if you are willing to do yours.
"Fear not,for I am with you;be not dismayed,for I am your God;I will strengthen you,I will help you;
There are those who look at things the way they are and ask why... I dream of things that never were,and ask why not? -Robert Kennedy
If God gives you the Divine signal to move + He opens the right doors for you,you won't get there if you just sit there unwilling to move
You may have to make up your mind that no matter what you will follow God and wait for His divine signal to move you forward!
The race is not always won by the swift but to those who keep running. Sometimes you have to keep running;
We know how hard it is to leave those things+habits behind that are not good for you,but it is necessary to get something better
The dawn of a new day is coming for you!God is working to uproot everything that hinders you so He can give you the dawn of a new day!
It's NOT uncommon for no 1 to want to help+No 1 to want to support you to help you get there,but as soon as YOU get there,Here they come
Success is a marathon not a sprint..You may have to go through and work a long time before you get anywhere + become successful
God cares for you. He is working on those issues and problems that concern you. Wait on Him;
"Walk in the way God has commanded you,so that you may live and prosper"-Deuteronomy 5:33
If you're constantly NOT experiencing success in your life,seek God diligently and inquire of Him so that He may show you the way
You are meant to be prosperous and successful and to live a life full of God's abundance. Don't settle for less.
Rough times don't last always. They last a season.God is using your situations to prepare you to be successful in all you do!
Today can be the start of something new and wonderful for you if you will keep seeking God and following how He leads you!
Want Results?Meet with God @ ;
That's it this week!Thanks for staying tuned to God!We're gone to enjoy God's refreshment! We hope to see you3/23/15 @9:32am
It may seem like you're waiting and waiting on God for solutions.But don't give up,keep waiting,God won't fail;
God may have you where you are,because He wants or needs you to be willing to change in order to be prepared for His greater blessings!
Why not choose to look at what God gives you that's good in spite of your pain,your suffering,your afflictions+your constant let downs?
God will fix what others have not been able to fix+what others have walked away from in your life,wait;
God is looking at you today,His question to you is "Will you turn to Him+trust Him for solutions to your problems that seem impossible"?
Almost every 1 has problems that they don't like,problems that they want to escape from +problems they need God's help on,you're not alone!
Even if all else has failed+you're out of options,don't sweat it,look to God!Your pain often qualifies you for God's greater blessings!
If you're going through pain,disappointment,loss or setbacks,your situations are only temporary!Cling to God,He will make a way for you!
The LORD your God is in your midst,a mighty one who will save you;He will rejoice over you with gladness;He will quiet you with His love
"Fear not,for I am with you;be not dismayed,for I am your God;I will strengthen you,I will help you"- Isaiah 41:10
" This moment you are in is not permanent in your life."God has many more moments for you that far exceed your present moments"
" Dreams visit you when you sleep,reminding you that God still has a hand in your future." S. Anukege
The choice is always yours to make."God will NOT force you to pray to Him for help,but He will always wait for your feeble cry..."
If where you are is dry and barren,God will pour water on your thirsty land &amp; streams on the dry ground- Isaiah 44:3
The blessings of the LORD brings wealth,and He adds no trouble to it-Proverbs 10:22
Sometimes where you are is God's answer,it may not seem like it because it may be bad but often it is a blessing,it is just in disguise.
God's answers for the problems that you face in your life are on their way.God will deliver the answers masterfully + decisively.
God will take everything bad that has happened in your life and change it into something good if you are open to how He chooses to work!
God wants the very best for you and He will infuse you with new energy,new strength and the will to go on when you seek Him
Bad situations will make you think that God does not love you and that God does not care.But God loves you&amp;He has a plan for your life
Even if you are at the crossroads of life waiting for God to act,wait on God,He is working;
When your troubles persist + no solutions seem to be apparent,remember God sees what you can not see and He acts or moves accordingly.
A whole lot of patience is required when you are waiting on God.It is not uncommon for God to keep you waiting days,months and even years.
When God is ready to saturate your life with His provisions you will be  glad you waited;
Every investment of pain + suffering you've endured will accomplish its perfect work + will release the intended benefits for your life.
God hasn't turned a deaf ear to your cries for help,He is working,moving+ changing things around to make things better for you
God wants to meet you at your point of need and saturate your life with His goodness,His provisions and His mercy for your life!
Everybody has good days,sad days then joyous days.It's okay if you have more bad than good it'll change!
God wants to help your days be better!"I will instruct you+teach you in the way you should go;I will counsel you+watch over you-Psalm 32:8
When things are just oh,so bad,God will carry you when you don't feel like you have the strength,the will or the desire to go on!
Sooner or later, God is going to make a way for you. He will turn things around, just wait on Him;
God Is Your Refuge and Your Strength,He is very present and He is a well-proved help in trouble and times of need! Psalm 46: 1
No problem or disease can stand against God's power!He is a way maker,  He will make a way! 
Be still and rest in the Lord;wait for Him and patiently lean on Him in your times of lack,distress,uncertainty or sickness!He will show up
If you find yourself backed in a corner with no way out,don't despair. God is a way maker,He will make a way! Hold on and trust God!
Without a doubt the wonder working power of Jesus will break every chain in your life NOT 1 time but every time! Call On the Name of JESUS!
God knows your pain so think about what you need Jesus to fix!Walk from where you are to where God is;
If the chains of sickness +brokeness keeps trying to hold you down,bring it to Jesus;
If 2015 is being  terrible for you+you're being pushed through pain,suffering, and lack, exercise your power to make different choices!
God is with you through all of your battles even though it may not seem like it;
Do not be afraid or discouraged because an army of bad circumstances may surround you. For the battle is not yours,but God's…
Speak Positive Affirmations such as"If My God is for me and if My God is with me then what or who can stand against me?
Go ahead,walk out of your yesterdays to today where God is,let Him solve YOUR problems;
When you fully Rely upon God,you learn to rest in Him and trust that He is working all things out for your good and will meet your needs!
Don't let your heart be troubled or let your body grow weak,believe God,He won't let you down!
Keep pressing into God.Keep your eyes off your troubles and your abilities and on God and His abilities.He'll help you so don't worry!
Dear Child of God,try not to get discouraged if things haven't changed for you yet.God is working.If you don't understand,simply trust God.
As God ushers in light in your life,old things removed will make room for the ~New thing-
When everybody else has walked out and left you to figure it all out,just turn to the King of peace Jesus. Pray,ask Jesus to help you!
God has positioned you for greatness.You are continually faced by great opportunities brilliantly disguised as insoluble problems.
"The Bible is a compass,that will point you in the right direction if you will read it."
When things get real bad,"Unless You rely on God's power within You,You will yield to the pressures around you."
Sometimes being stuck in the darkness that looms around you is a result of not recognizing the answer God has sent to your prayer!
When you're searching for God's light remember, "God's answers are wiser than your prayers."
It's terrible to be walking around wondering how you're going to make it or feeling like you are all alone.Let God guide you
Think it not strange concerning the fiery ordeals that try you,you are not alone.Almost every 1 you meet is fighting a battle!
Let God's word guide you;when you are sick,when you are broke,when you are tired,when you are disappointed+when you need help!
When God ushers in enough light+you can see a thing for what it really is rather than what you thought it was,you're set free!
The entrance of God's word into your life brings light+will remove the blindness of your eyes that causes you not to see.
The darker things get in your life,the more of God's light He will usher into your life to combat your feelings of doubt+grief!
The darkness that might surround your life because of lingering problems cannot put out the light.It only makes God's light brighter
There will always be challenges,demands and stuff you wanna do,but sometimes you have to let go of your agenda to get God's agenda
Because God is in a unique position to see all of your difficulties&amp;pain,He knows exactly what to order for you to revive you!
When you are totally burned out and just plain tired of it all,the world's prescriptions never work.You need God to revitalize you
You may be tired of working+tired of the never ending struggles of living life.When you seek God,He has a prescription to revitalize you
Today can be the very best day of your life,all you have to do is choose for it to be.Invite God into your day+allow Him to revitalize you
God wants to revitalize your life!He sees your difficulties+knows your pain.He is going to fix what is bothering you+replenish your desires
Instead of allowing the pain of your problems to drag you down, let them push you to the King of Kings;
You don't have to be fearful and timid of what might happen or what could happen,God is in control and anyway the wind blows,He's gotcha!
When God blesses you,He'll shower you with His Will and He will give you more hope to go on! Seek Him;
When some things just do not work,it may be hard to face but it is often a clue that it is just NOT meant to be no matter what!
What you seek is within your reach and when you trust in and seek God,He will help you obtain if it is part of His purposes for your life
Sometimes you'll have to fight to maintain your focus+avoid constant distractions but it will be worthwhile;
God wants to manifest His power and His greatness in your life to help you accomplish the God sized dreams that He has given you!!
God is still able and He is willing to help you in every aspect of your life. You just have to let go+let God ~Flow
Since your destiny is God given,it will require God sized miracles,God sized interventions,and God sized provisions,God's way in His timing
No matter what is causing you problems,God can change it, So,won't YOU give Your problems to Him?
Your God given destiny is incredibly unique! God didn't give it to anyone but you! Only you can accomplish it! So go ahead,follow God's lead
Anything worthwhile will require time,energy,effort and sacrifice!You can't be all things to all people and fulfill your God given destiny
God wants to change your life+transform you so you can have a better life,but you have to cooperate with Him if you really want to get there
When you are bombarded with problems, focusing on God instead of your problems work wonders;
Your present circumstances will fight to keep you down,keep you broke and keep you stuck,only you can decide when enough is enough
God wants so very much for you to have a much better life but God's better life for you often requires radical change+extreme transformation
Your God given identity is fighting to come alive+stay alive but it will never happen if everything around you diverts you to another path
We invite you to meet God now,Dwell with Him,let Him begin to help you have better days;
We too are bombarded with distractions, interruptions+time wasters.God wants you to allow Him to help you manage your day for better results
If all the distractions+voices around you try to steal your time+attention you will end up on a path that God never meant for you to be on!
Everything+everyone around you will clamor for your attention+try to get you to do what they want but God wants to be the 1 that leads you
If you're broke don't worry,We've learned that Brokeness,disgust,failure,disappointment+lack are all part of the journey that God allows.
When you know that Almighty God is near you and He loves you and cares for you and is rooting for you to win,that often changes everything!
As you continue this journey you're on called life,God will continue to walk with you + talk with you.He'll reveal His nearness to you!
God is still working to restore your zest for living but keeping your daily appointment with God is important if you want to follow His cues
Failure to follow God's cues results in continued failure,continued brokeness and a dysfunctional lifestyle that is lacking zest.
Sometimes God doesn't move or answer your prayers because He is trying to get you to move and you're missing His cue.
When you seek God's heart on the matter first,He will make it Very clear to you as to what you should do.You will then know how to move!
When you've very tired of something because it either is not changing or you can't take it anymore,seek God's heart on the matter first.
It is true that quitters never win + winners never quit.It can be very tempting to quit all things especially when you're tired,don't do it!
Regardless as to how things may look or feel to you,God wants you to keep pressing on!You really will win if you just don't give up+quit!
We know it can be rough+even tough to get back up again after being knocked down repeatedly, but with God on Your side you will win!
God is going to use the setbacks in your life as an opportunity for Him to give you a Fresh New Start so that you can Win!
God will lead you at a pace you can tolerate.He is mindful of how long you've been waiting,what you've been through+that you're tired
God wants to continue to lead you through your difficulities.God's greater purposes is worth any pain you're suffering now!
God allows the difficulties of Your life to make You better,not bitter.For every difficulty that you overcome,God has a blessing for you!
Even if you don't understand where you are going,why it's taking so long or how it's all going to work out,God does + He will lead you!
With God's help and direction you won't go wrong.You will make it through so just keep going.
Trust yourself, you're doing good. You're 1 step closer to your place called There even if it doesn't feel like it or look like it.
And may you have the power to understand how wide,how long,how high,and how deep God's love is for You!
If you hadn't gone through all of the things that you've had to go through,how else would you know God?
Some dry seasons are meant to drive you closer to God not push you away.So don't curse the dry seasons use it to get to know God better.
God may have allowed your discomfort to be caused by dry seasons that seem like they will never end.God will help you through the dry season
Your many afflictions are No match for God's power.You won't be sorry for Standing in faith and waiting on God,He never disappoints.
God will turn to You-He will be gracious to You!He will help you,keep going;
In your times of sorrow God is saying to you "Do not be afraid of them,for I am with you,I will rescue you,"declares the LORD-Jeremiah 1:8
In God's time + own way He'll change your sorrow into gladness. God won't let you down, He'll rescue you;
You don't have to keep worrying about how you're going to make it,God has already made a way for you+He'll lead you there at the right time
The Dew of God's presence will dispel the darkness that hoovers over your life.
If you're still tired and worn out from life's sorrows + troubles,The Dew of God's presence will usher you into sweet rest unheard of.
When You begin your morning with God,the rest of the day will be fresh+filled with God's presence which is fresh as the Dew of the morning!
Dear 1,Oh,Taste and see that God is good. Oh,taste and see,He will guide you and He will help you if you will take refuge in Him!
Spend 15 minutes or more with God@<BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We're gone to enjoy+receive God's refreshment+blessings!We hope you have a great weekend!We'll be looking for you 3/16/15 @9:32am
That's it for this week!We hope you've been blessed and stirred by God's powerful word!Thanks for re-tweeting+sharing God's powerful word!
You can not only survive but thrive in tough times if you will keep your eyes on Jesus who is the author + finisher of your faith
If you will do more you will have more."To whom much is given,much is required"
If you require more from God, He will often require more from you! Are you willing to give God more?
When tough times come,they can make you feel like the walls are caving in on you+you may not survive.With God's help you will survive
When you spend time with God daily,He will show you how to deal with &amp; defeat the constant struggles that besiege you daily
Trying to get something or someone to work will exhaust&amp;waste your valuable time.You don't have to do this.God has something better for you
Things fall apart for a reason.
God will help you finding what's lacking in your life. He will often lead you right to it but you have to be the 1 to go for it
The success God has for you won't just happen.It won't work if you don't; 
Holding on to what God is trying to eject from your life delays your future &amp; the better life that God holds for you
As God works to make something good out of the ashes of your life,some things will never change until you do
Pain+heartache will often keep you locked up in an emotional prison with no hope for release.God wants to show up+get you out
If you're at the crossroads where things have gotten so bad,whatever you give up on,don't give up on God,because He won't give up on you!
Lean in much closer to God,for He is calling you from where you are to where He is with your abundant life waiting for you!
Whatever has been worrying you,depressing you and making you fearful,God is going to bring it down; 
Just keep moving forward with God,He will enlarge you in all aspects of your life when you stay in His lane + don't quit
If you want to be free from the chains of oppression that keeps you bound,you'll have to keep following God; 
There is a time for everything,and a season for every activity under Heaven &amp; through it all God is with you; 
Choosing God's ways,will get you God sized results!
If you want God's plan for your life to come true,you will have to follow the way God guides you!
When you choose God's way,instead of the world's way,you will begin to experience the peace of God,the success of God and the favor of God
God wants to work on your thought life so that the demons of doubt don't constantly keep you down; 
Your life will go in the direction of your thoughts.Proverbs 4:23 states"Carefully guard your thoughts they are the source of true life"
The demons of doubt are famous for reminding you of what's not working,what you don't have and how you haven't made it yet!
Have you ever wondered why God allowed so many problems in your life?Listen as Evangelist Evans shares; 
Your circumstances will repeatedly mess with your mind+try and make you think God is not for you+doesn't want you to succeed,it's not true
God does not want you to live in the land of not enough,or the land of just enough,He wants you to live in the land of the more than enough
Instead of worrying and being fearful,why not ask God to help you to have steadfast hope and confidence in Him+His abilities to provide?
Thou your downcast situations may slay you,God will use those exact burdens to promote you to New levels of blessings for your life!
God doesn't want you constantly worried about how you are going to make it &amp; constantly worried about not having enough.God will provide
When you've had enough+you're ready to make a change..There God will meet you; 
You will run into the same old roadblocks over and over again until you finally make up in your mind that you have had enough
God wants to deliver you from fear+worry.Fear+worry are time robbers that steal your present moments+rob you of your future tomorrows
Don't worry..Don't Fret, Trust in God and lean not on your own understanding. If you need help, Pray"Lord,Help me Please"!
Victory waits for you on the other side of the travail that you are currently facing,you've come to far to quit now! 
Difficulties will dissolve and shift when you take them to God during your daily appointment times with Him!
You'll have many emotions and feelings during the course of the day and so will every 1 you meet.God doesn't change like shifting shadows!
You can boldly accept the challenges that life sends your way when you know you may seem alone but you're not alone.God is with you!
Don't panic over what you've lost and what you need!God is able to give you something better than what you lost and supply your every need!
A fresh wind of God's goodness is coming child of God and it's headed your way!God knows your address and your phone number.He will deliver
The shift that God will bring you will result in new blessings,new beginnings and new mercies; 
And God is doing what He does best;restoring,saving,changing,healing,providing,encouraging and comforting!
You can't really get mad with the devil,he's just doing what he does best and that is trying to make life as miserable for you as he can.
Things can and will be a whole lot better for you when you become willing to confront the demons of lack and oppression with God's help!
If you're satisfied with being unhappy,and taken advantage of then do nothing.If you want what God has for you,run to Him for your "Shift"!
Don't settle for the pain and suffering that life wants to inflict on you!Look for God to "Shift"things for you; 
What God doesn't shift around for you,He will change!You just have to keep staying in faith with Him until He's ready to move!
If everyone else had the answers that you seek,you would already be where you want to be.God holds the answers you need,so seek Him!
Where you are is not where you are meant to stay.God has seen your low place,your pain and your lack.He is ready to ordain new choices!
Suffering and pain is part of life,but you weren't meant to have to endure it for so long!Invite God into your circumstances for your shift!
The storms of your life may have battered you,bruised you and knocked you around,but hold on dear 1,God is going to shift things around!
It can be difficult to understand why you are where you are+what God is doing,but have faith in God when nothing makes sense.He'll help you
In all your ways acknowledge God,He'll direct your paths.He'll save you from the devil's tricks and snares!
You weren't designed to navigate this rough+tough life alone.You need a guide that loves you+has your best interest at heart!Turn to God
Your life is not an accident,what has happened to you can be turned around if you seek God daily and let him safely guide you out of it
God never said it would be easy,He never said you wouldn't have trouble and people that get on your nerves.He said He would be with you!
There's nothing that God cannot do.He specializes in doing the impossible and He'll do what seems impossible if you trust and follow Him!
Without faith it is impossible to please God.To receive from God,you must believe He exists and He'll reward you because you sought Him.
Sometimes you hold the answer to your own prayer! God may want you to trust Him on a new level now and you need only trust Him to receive!
You're gonna win and you're gonna get there if you just don't give up, faint and quit; 
Very early in the morning you should seek God.Seek Him for His direction for your life. Let Him talk you through any and all difficulities!
No matter what is repeatedly NOT in your life, you are a masterpiece because you have been created by God for such a time as this!
Sometimes trusting God is the only thing you have left when trouble has tried to bring you down; 
While it is true, most torture is unjust, unfair and you didn't deserve it, but that's life. Life isn't fair, but God is. So trust Him!
Your journey with God may seem long and full of afflictions,setbacks and trials but don't worry You won't be tortured forever!
When you realize no matter what,God is for you and He is with you and that He will work all things out,you will relax and enjoy the journey
Want to invite God into your pain and suffering and let Him talk you through it however He chooses? 
If you want to get there,you've got to keep it moving. Dare to believe, reach to God for your turnaround! 
Pain and suffering is not always optional but how you react to it is. God wants to help you through it. Invite Him to talk you through it!
Seasons of weeping,problems,setbacks+lack may seem to last a very long time,but eventually your turnaround from God will come!Don't give up
God is expecting you to stay the course that He's charted out for you.He is expecting you to endure no matter what.You can do it,don't faint
Decree it today! Declare it!Decide that since God is with you and for you,He is going to flip the switch today and turn things around
Pain and suffering can be a trip,it changes how you see and experience life. God wants to transform that for you so you can go on!
God will often talk you through it before He will deliver you from it. Let Him talk you through it today 
God wants to talk to you today about the pain and suffering that keeps piling up on top of you trying to drive you to the brink of insanity
God's word applied accurately to your problems will produce results. Seek God to learn how to apply His word; 
A battle between good and evil is going on, if you want to win,don't just sit there,pull out the weapon of God's ✩WORD!
As you try to follow the way God leads you,don't expect the devil to cease trying to cause problems, He really does not want you to succeed
If you're the 1 God is looking for,He wants to talk to you + whisper His strategies to you to solve Problems; 
God is looking for those who are downtrodden,tired,frustrated and confused! Are you the 1 He's looking for,or should He look for another?
No matter how tired you are, or how unmotivated you may be to go on, God really does have a plan; 
Twinkle Twinkle little star, do you wonder how YOU are going to get your problems solved? Don't worry, Just trust God,He has a plan!
Keep Waiting on God,and keep His way,He will exalt you to inherit the land;you will look on when the wicked are cut off-Psalm 37:34
If you will keep waiting on God,you will find that your strength,hope and passion will be renewed-Isaiah 40:31
Trust in God with all your heart,do not lean on your own understanding.In all your ways acknowledge Him,He will make straight your paths
Be still and know that He is God and at just the right time He will fix what needs to be fixed and do what needs to be done!
God never promised the paths for you enroute to your permanent positions would be easy,He'll make it worth it;
Your circumstances are temporary situations allowed by God enroute to your permanent positions,don't curse your path,enjoy the journey!
Trust in the LORD,do not lean on your own understanding.Acknowledge Him and He will make straight your paths-Proverbs 3:5-6
When everything screams you can't trust it,it's not stable+it not for you,trust God,if He's in it,it has no choice except to work for good!
The opposition in your life will try to keep you depressed,down+not feeling like going on!If you want up,you've got to choose to keep going
What do you do when you hope,you pray+you beleive for a miracle from God and it never arrives?Use your faith;
It may be a long,bumpy and uncertain road but just keep following God,You're going to get there!God won't fail!He will work things out!
Your spirit can thrive again,so can your life!God created you to be a victor,not a victim!Every day God will lead you closer to victory!
Don't let the joy go out of your life,God can reignite your waning passion+your waning zeal for life.It's not over till God says it's over!
Don't get comfortable where you are!Keep in mind that it is subject to change when God is in it!It's not over!
Every day may not be a real good day if you have trials,but if you look hard enough you will find good in each day that God gives you!
Instead of letting the storms of life ruin your days,ask "God, what are you trying to tell me through this trial?"
Instead of looking at your storms in life,look to God today with eyes of faith!Beleive for the impossible;
Don't let the devil get the victory in your life by stealing your joy+turning you into some 1 that murmurs+complains,that's what he wants
When things are bad and stuff looks like it's either not working or not changing,it can make you angry.Invite God to keep you from stumbling
Problems will try their best to get the best of you,just be still and know He's God;
Why not choose to be like us?Place your life in God's hands in spite of bad situations so that your feet do not stumble-Psalm 66:9
Sometimes it's the unusual things you do that brings breakthroughs!Choose to thank God in spite of it all;
We've found that waiting on God for more can be long and hard but with the supernatural strength and guidance God gives it's worth it!
There's nothing that will happen to you today that you and God can't handle together,so don't be afraid to seize the moments!Enjoy your day
God has given you a bright New Day!Why not trust your troubles to Him today?Walk+ talk to God today to discover all that He has for you!
It's not too late for you!Some of your best days are still ahead,God still has more for you,keep seeking Him;
Everything happens for a reason.Even if you don't understand where you are or why things maynot be what you want them to be trust God anyway
God knows where you are.He knows what you need.He also knows what you want to happen,trust Him,He is working;
■Therefore do not lose heart.Though outwardly you are wasting away,inwardly God is renewing you day in and day out!-2 Corinthians 4:16
God will give you the strength to get through any and all things.He will help keep your way safe and secure if you stay in His lane.
■Even if you walk through the darkest valley,fear no evil,God is with you to guide+comfort you.-Psalm 23:4;
The storms of your life often bring you to a place of desperation.God often meets you at your place of desperation,keep looking for Him!
Did you know that Colonel Sanders was 70 years old before he got his first deal to license his chicken recipe for Kentucky Fried Chicken?
Many people don't realize this but some of the greatest successes have been achieved by those over 50 after failing over and over again
God wants you to live a life full of success and abundance!Failure is often necessary to help you find your way!
God invites you to keep walking with Him,let Him transform your failures when you get closer to Him;
Since you may have to deal with failure,you might as well let your failure transform your life,instead of letting it ruin your life!
Instead of allowing your past failures to depress you and keep you stuck,why not allow your past failures to transform you?
God's construction work in your life prepares you for your destiny!God expects you to walk forward to it;
As God continues to work in your life,it can feel like construction is going on.God needs time to make things new!Be patient as He works!
Incredible turbulence may surround your life as God works to get the kinks out of your life,don't worry it's all part of the plan!
God has more for you!He has new jobs,new businesses+better relationships for you as He changes Your Barren,tight+low places to His abundance
If you are tired of Barren,Tight + Low Places,invite God in your circumstances to change the Spell;
Contrary to how situations in your life look,God has something better for you worth fighting For to get out from your barren,tight+low place
God accepts the"Mission Impossible"situations that have manifested in your life as Barren,tight,Low places.He wants to make a way for you
You'll recognize Barren, tight, Low places because when you're in them,you can't get things to work+you don't have enough.Let☛God help you
As God continues to work in your life,He is wooing you from barren, tight, Low places that hurt you,drain you+hinder you from His best! ☼
Meet with God Feel His amazing Love!<BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We're gone to be Refreshed and Renewed by God! Pray for us as We pray for you!Thanks for Re-Tweeting so that others can be blessed!
That's it this week,We hope you've been Blessed,changed and Stirred by God's Powerful Word! We hope to see you back on 3/9/15 @ 9:32am!
God can help you grow through painful obstacles.You will then be stronger + wiser if you will allow God to transform them
Happiness is a choice that God wants you to make daily.Pain can't keep holding it's grip on you if you don't allow it to!
God wants you to be healed from Your painful past that haunts you so that you can be fruitful in your present!
If you don't know what to do,God does!So,hand everything over to Him.He will cut the chords of bitterness+pain that holds you captive
It is not unusual for things to get really bad + painful before they get really good again.You are not alone in your plights of disgusts
When you surrender your pain+suffering to God,He will guide you on what steps are necessary to recover from the effects of your stress
Tough + oppressive times don't last always.God will use your painful times as exit points to create new entry points into your life!
The pain of your past is not a true indicator of your future.God has much more in store for you as you seek Him first and stay in His lane!
You may have been let down + disappointed by many different people throughout your lifetime,but God will never let you down or leave you
God wants you to clearly see in the end that He is your deliverer and that He deserves all of the thanks,all of the Honor+all of the praise
Psalm 50:15 states"Then call on me when you are in trouble,and I will rescue you,and then you will give me glory."
The storms of life do not care who you are or what you've got going on,they come to destroy you,derail you+hinder your future
Most of the times when the storms arise,you will need the power of God to do something about them that settles the score!
Sometimes when you are beseiged with troubles praising God might be all that you have to hold on to;
God may be holding you in a dry season as He prepares you for your New;Listen as Evangelist Evans shares;
When moments of immediate gloom + despair sweep over you,cry out to God,He will find you+help you deal with them!
It can be hard to know what to do when you're surrounded with distress+trouble; but if you stick to God's bailout plan,He'll get you out
Have you ever been sorry that you went to a place or did a thing?I know we have and trying to get out of it+away from it has NOT been easy
Following God's guidance may take you the long route but it is better to get there safe than Get there and Be very sorry!
God's guidance system will save you from making years of mistakes if you follow Him as He opens and closes doors.Make sure you follow Him!
Trouble and distress is all around you everywhere you go.God can help you meet the challenges of trouble+distress when you seek Him
Don't worry!God is coming with your turnaround,the rootworkers can't stop him and haters can't shut Him down;
For every failure,God has an alternative course of action.You just have to find it.When you come to a roadblock,take a detour.
It is always darkest before dawn and without the problem you wouldn't see God's amazing solutions.Keep waiting,your turnaround is coming
Want to step out of your deplorable conditions and get in line for God's turnaround?Go here;
You may have been wanting a "shift" or a "turnaround" from God,unfortunately we don't get to choose what we'll have to go through to get it
You know what?Things may not be what you want them to be yet,but thank God they are not worse than they are!
Deplorable conditions in life can be terrible,such as some of the bad situations in your life,God uses those to do His best work!
But as for you,be strong and do not give up,for your work will be rewarded!God knows how long you've been waiting,His turnaround is coming
Not only is God still able to open the door to your prison cells of bad circumstances,He is still willing to!
Being held down and prevented from thriving is the devil's work. Let God even the score. Wait!Let Him open the door to your prison cells!
God is always working dear 1. He is preparing your way. He is leveling the problems that seem to be overwhelmingly bad in your life!
**When God opens up Your New thing you will thrive like well-watered grass,and like willows by streams of running water**.
You may have to go through a whole lot and you may have to wait a long time but God does have a "New Thing"for you.He wants YOU to Thrive!
God has set an expiration date for hard times to be changed for you.Just wait for your "set"times to come;
When you pass through fire you will not be burned;the hard trials that come will not hurt you,because God❦ is with you+for you-Isaiah 43:2
While you are going through deep waters,God will be with you;your troubles will not overwhelm you and they sure won't drown you-Isaiah 43:2
Don't worry dear 1,no matter how bad things look,God won't allow your troubles and problems to drown you or choke the life out of you!
The more you show up for prayer and the more you earnestly seek God,the more you'll see Him at work;
God works 24 hours a day 7 days a week for you!Daily He waits for you to show up in Prayer+seek Him;
On your mark,get set,Go!Let's seek God+proclaim ~Rua over our stagnant bad situations that aren't better;
ENE meanie mighty Moe,let's line up in God's presence from head to toe and proclaim <WHITE SMILING FACE>Rua over our situations till God changes them!
It's true,it can be difficult to stay in situations that scream failure+dysfunction but God wants to help make lemonade out of your lemons!
It's been said when life hands you lemons,make lemonade.Daily we make lemonade with the lemons life hands us,we encourage you to do the same
If the rocky road of life has been dealing you a life filled with lemons,get ready!A supernatural wave of God's power is headed your way!
The Lord will guide you +satisfy your needs in parched places! God will step in at the right time to save you;
It is true that God may not have answered your prayer the way you wanted Him to,but many prayers aren't answered because of hidden snares!
God is faithful! He will strengthen and protect you from the evil one and all of the evil snares set to destroy you and your life.
When God helps your day to be better,you'll feel better,do better+be better. In your daily appointment with God,ask Him to show you the way
You're never alone in your problems or pitfalls of despair, God wants to be your GPS,if you'll follow Him; 
God wants to help your days be better!"I will instruct you+teach you in the way you should go;I will counsel you+watch over you-Psalm 32:8
Everybody has good days,sad days+joyous days.It's okay if you have more bad days than good days,it'll change!
When things are just oh,so bad,God will carry you when you don't feel like you have the strength,the will or the desire to go on!
Sooner or later, God is going to make a way for you. He will turn things around, just keep waiting on Him;
God Is Your Refuge and Your Strength,He is very present and He is a well-proved help in trouble and times of need! Psalm 46: 1
No problem, sickness, or disease can stand against God's power!He is a way maker and He will make a way! 
Be still and rest in the Lord;wait for Him and patiently lean on Him in your times of lack,distress,uncertainty or sickness!He will show up
If you find yourself backed in a corner with no way out,don't despair. God is a way maker,He will make a way! Hold on and trust God!
Without a doubt the wonder working power of Jesus will break every chain in your life NOT 1 time but every time! Call On the Name of JESUS!
God knows your pain.He's working.Think about what you need Jesus to fix then walk to where God is;
If the chains of bondage,sickness+financial brokeness keeps trying to hold you down,bring it to Jesus;
God is with you in and through all of your battles even though it may not seem like it;
Do not be afraid or discouraged because an army of bad circumstances may surround you. For the battle is not yours,but God's…
When you fully Rely upon God,you learn to rest in Him and trust that He is working all things out for your good and will meet your needs!
Don't let your heart be troubled or let your body grow weak,believe God, Rely on Him;He won't let you down!
Keep pressing into God.Keep your eyes off your troubles and your abilities and on God and His abilities.He'll help you so don't worry!
Try not to get so discouraged if things haven't changed for you yet.God is working.If you don't understand,simply trust God.
Of course your circumstances are going to resist change for the better,they do not want you to get ahead and don't want to see you free!
Rough times and rough people such as the ones you face need a power and strength greater than yours,they need God's intervention!
As long as you are trying in your own strength,you are bound to get wore out,burnt out and tired out.God has been waiting for you to let go
Dear child of God,if you've reached the point of being tired of trying,perhaps that's the problem.Hand what worries you to God,let Him try!
Understand that where you are is not all there is.When God gets ready,He'll bring your new possibilities;
We encourage you to find a promise from God in His word-hold on to it`til He brings you new possibilities;
There might be dark forces that try to convince you to stray from the right path of God,don't do it.Quicker is not always better.Wait on God
God has a new possibility for every wrong thing that has happened to you.Why not allow Him to show you how to change what's haunting you?
What you have seen God do up until this point is not all there is for you!God has oh,so much more in store for you!
You need not worry dear one,because without a doubt,we know that God can and will fix what troubles you and bring you new possibilities!
Rough times make you thirst for something more!If you're thirsty,Bring Jesus your empty cup,let Him fill it;
God understands your weariness,your pains,your sufferings,and your doubts,He's assuring you that His greater purposes will prevail for you!
You can be excited again as you imagine and grab ahold of the many new possibilities that God will send your way!So get ready!
When you arise in the morning,think of what a privilege it is to be alive- to breathe,to enjoy and to consider God's new possibilities!
If the old possibilities of your life don't want to let you go,you don't have to worry,Jesus will fix it;
Every day God gives you,you have to make choices.Will you choose God's new possibilities or entertain the doubt that wants to dwell with you
What is not working or what's been taken from You is positioning you for New possibilities God has for you;
Begin to position yourself to receive the new possibilities God will bring,seek Him like you need a drink of water on a hot thirsty day!
What if your pursuit of God and His plan for your life determines whether or not you get delivered?
Dare to sneak away today from all of the competing noises around you.Launch forward into the presence of God! Let Him give you a plan
Your new possibilities won't have a chance to flourish in your life if you hold on to the old ones that aren't working!So let go and let God
If you want God to change chaos and any low,barren or tight places in your life,you will have to trust Him;
It's not unusual for you to feel the pressure and stress of having to go through as you wait on God to fulfill His promises!God won't fail!
God can bring New possibilities in your life that changes past chaos when you acknowledge Him, Trust Him and allow Him to direct your path!
With the ushering in of the new month of March, God has given you a whole new month to create blessings out of any chaos that happened!
Today instead of staring at the mound of problems that may try to overwhelm you, God wants to invite you to consider New possibilities!
If the root worker's curse could have killed you,you'd already be dead,your tight places don't have the power to hold you when God shows up
Seeking God and finding Him when you're going through hell will change you.When God decides to bail you out,it will change your sufferings!
Oh,dear 1.God's been keeping a secret for you,it's the secret of how He plans to bail you out from your sufferings!Won't you seek him today?
The earth is the Lord's+the fullness thereof,it all belongs to God.Give it all to Him,let Him bail you out;
If you're like us,you want out from bad,rough,tight places yesterday!Well today is your day!Reach for God,let Him bail you out!
Tough situations that persist and take you through 1 twist and turn after another can be a trip!Do yourself a favor and let God bail you out
Why worry about what you can't control-God's got it!Let Him fix problems!Drop them off to Him,walk forward;
If God were to ask you what 1 thing you needed help out the most with today,what would it be?Whatever it is,bring it to God,let Him work!
Are you tired of suffering?Are you fed up with going through 1 thing after another?God has seen your afflictions and wants to help you out
We'd like to encourage you not to be discouraged by the trying times that force themselves upon you,God has a remedy to fix them
Are you ready to meet with God and surrender to His ways to get YOUR Revival? Let Him meet with You Now;
Tomorrow, God will have new Mercies for you,New Joy and He will continue to Revive You,Renew You and Refresh you,So You Can Go On!
While you're thinking about it, Pray this quick Prayer "Dear God,Please Revive Me, My energy and My Passion For Life". I need your help!
Your whole life is waiting for you to be Revived enough to have the energy and the passion to go on and fulfill God's Plans for your life!
Even if you have tried to be Revived,Refreshed and Renewed in the Past and it didn't work,sometimes you have to keep trying over+over again
This is Your Defining Moment! Circumstances are demanding you choose.Choose God's Revival For Your life!Get Your Life back on track Now!
Reaching New Levels and claiming Revival requires Leaps of Faith,constant Prayer+the Boldness to never give up and NOT QUIT NO MATTER WHAT<ENVELOPE>
We're Not Sure What You're Gonna do,If you Will Seek God for Revival Or Not, but We can Tell You That We are All Seeking God For Revival✩
Maybe it didn't work,or dried up so God could "Use"it to Send Revival to break You Through To another Level;
You may have tried+tried and the Spickets of God's Flow May have seemed blocked or diverted,but try again in Jesus's Name!Revival Is coming❦
It is Not uncommon to be frustrated and feel like you need to drop your problems like they're hot,Just wait;
Do you Need or Want God to send Revival in Your life? If so,Invite God to come and bring Revival☄;
Indeed, the Revival that God gives will become a spring of Living Refreshing water Flowing to Replenish,Renew and Restore You and Your Life
Press In❀ Press In❀ Like Never Before. Reach For God's Revival Like Your life depends on it☛;
The Devil has a plan to keep you tired and locked up in dry places,but if you seek and obtain God's<WHITE UP POINTING INDEX>Revival,Your Circumstances will change☃
Extreme Tiredness and Extreme dry Places require something you can't give it,but God can!Keep Seeking God,Keep asking God.Revival Will come
God may want to help you Re-Create Your life and then send Revival in Your Life,So seek Him for Your Rescue;
Let's join together+ask God to release His Incredible Power+Presence into our lives to bring Revival;☛☛
Your tiredness+weariness will continue if you just sit there+do nothing.If you want it to change,God may want you to be willing to change☂
Up until now it may have seemed that some 1 was playing a trick on you with Setbacks,Letdowns+Problems,but God can use that to Send Revival
God is looking today at the Soil surrounding Your Weary Places,The more broken+tired you are,the more your Soil Qualifies For God's Revival!
Revival+Renewal in Your tired places is not only Possible,it is claimable!Step out of your comfort zone today and reach for God's Revival☚
God wants to step into the arena of your weary place and infuse Them with His Power and Presence to bring about Supernatural Revival!
Are You Tired?God wants to refresh you if you're tired! Renew you if you're fed up+revive you if it seems energy has walked out YOUR door☼
Spend 15 Minutes or more with God@ <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
That's it this week!We hope you've been blessed and enjoyed the wonderworking power of God's Word!We hope to see you back on 3/2/15 @9:32am
No matter what, Trust In The Lord. Lean Not On Your Own Understanding.Acknowledge Him,He will make A Way;
Rest Now and Be comforted in Knowing that God Really Is In Control And At Just The Right Times He Will Fix Your Problems.
You May have to give your problems to God Constantly Not because He needs you to, but Because you may Need To.
Some Problems May Take God a Long Time to Fix, But Know That God is working even if Progress is slow.
God knows you may be tired of Problems. He wants you to bring every last problem you have to Him Right now. Trust That He will work.
Whatever Problem You Thought of that may have Seized You and Taken Over Occupancy Of Your Mind, That's The Problem God wants.
What Problem bothers you the most?You know,The 1 we may be talking about, The 1 that Nags At You,Irritates You plus Makes you want to quit?
The Astonishing Thing About Problems is that Time you get rid of 1 problem you get another problem or sometimes two or more!
Perhaps Our Earthly Journey Here On Earth is Intentionally Laced With Problems+Disappointments,This Way God teaches us how to walk with Him
When Things Are Real Bad, Sometimes God May Elect To Fix Problems Miraculously especially When Earthly Help Has Failed Repeatedly!
Wouldn't you like to go A Day,A Week,Or A Month with No Problems?That would be Nice,But even if God doesn't fix your problems,He may Fix You
Want to Feel Much Better and Forget Your Problems? Imagine God's Stream of Living Water Refreshing You;
If You unplug From The stress Of Your Life, and Bask in God's Living streams of Water, You'll Feel better;
When God sends you New Solutions To Solve Your Old Problems It Will Be Like Streams Of Living Water.
Expect God's Briallant Light To Amaze You,Astound You+Wow You With New Solutions to your Long Standing Old Problems that resist Improvement
A Brilliant Light is Shining Right Where you are Right Now. Now's Your Chance to Take All Of Your Problems And Place Them In The Light!
If you Want Your Problems Fixed,Changed, Altered or Solved, then You May Need To Run,Twirl Around,or Leap from Where You Are to Where God is
When you get serious about trying to get some help with your problems the devil will try to distract you+abort your efforts to reach God
What is Not working, What didn't happen + What You can't Stand are Problems God uses to Urge You Forward;
Why not decide now if you really want your Problems To change? Do You Want or Need God to Make Differences In Your Problems?
If You still Want Your Problems Fixed, God's Entrance into The Arena Of Your Problems Will Make Huge Differences. Do You Want God's Help?
Problems hide Treasure. If You Get Rid of Your Problems Too Quickly You Might Lose Your Treasure!
Ramping up your faith in God is neccesary to get out from bad places;Listen as Evangelist Evans shares;
What if God has hidden Treasure in the problems that you want Fixed? Would you want to Keep Your Problems or Would You Give Them Away?
Nobody likes to have to go thru Problems to get to God's New Season, but that is often How It Works;
It is not unusual for God to promise you a New Season and then you get a Problem. The Problem Is Often the Passage Way To Your New Season!
Your Problems may have surprised you but they didn't surprise God. God saw Your problems brewing,He has already prepared solutions for you!
Ironically Enough, Almost everyone you meet has problems they need God to fix that irate them, drain them+tire them out. You're not alone.
God can use anger,stress,tiredness+frustrations as Fuel to ignite your passion to reach for His Solutions!
Toxic Anger, Stress + Tiredness often manifest in abundant amounts in your life when you are Fed up+Tired of going through. Let God help you
Don't you hate nagging problems that drag on and remain unfixed?We do and so does God. God has Peeked At Your Problems!He wants to fix them
Problems may have been brewing in your life for a long time now but don't you worry! God has seen Your Frustrations! He's coming to fix it!
Your hard times won't last forever.If you've been going through for a long time.Be strong&amp;keep going you'll get to your place called there
When you run into frustrations or obstacles,understand that just because there seems to be little or no change,God is still at work.
The Lord will be your stay. He will bring you forth into a broad place;He will rescue you, because He delights in You" (Psalm 18:19).
Even though you may be confronted by powerful forces at work against you,continue to trust in God's deliverance for your life!
Extraordinarily dark times should usher in extraordinarily waves of God's light.If your times are too dark,seek God for more of His light
The never ending stream of bad news often finds you no matter how you try to tune it out.You are not the only 1 who is really tired of it!
Sometimes it can seems like there is a never ending stream of negative + depressing news everywhere.God will sustain you through it all.
Sometimes it can seem like there is a never ending stream of negative + depressing news everywhere.God will sustain you through it all.
God will give you time to recover from the abuse,trouble+harsh treatments that you've had to endure.He will not forget your hard labor+pain
You may feel like you are on the edge of losing it all &amp; the pain in your life keeps intensifying.You'll still win if You don't quit.
It really is going to be all right for you eventually.The twists+turns of life don't have to get you down,choose to rise above them anyway
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do. -H. J. Brown, Jr.
In order to be successful you must realize that there will be difficulties to face along the way.But with every difficulty God has a plan"B"
Failure gives you a second chance to begin again but this time more intelligently.
At least when you fail repeatedly you are closer to success.Because now you've found many ways that things just will not work.
There have been others in worst situations than you are in and God has helped them become better not bitter
It is better to try + try and fail than to just sit there and do nothing and then wonder why things are not getting any better.
You get to choose if you will be happy today or not in spite of events or circumstances that will try their hardest to bring you down-G Marx
Each morning when You open Your eyes say to Yourself:"I,not events,have the power to make me happy or unhappy today."
Regardless as to how challenging times get,God will help you find a way to prevail + emerge better because of the situations He's allowed!
What you have seen God do up until this point is not all there is for you!God has oh,more in store for you!
You need not worry dear one,because without a doubt,we know that God can and will fix what troubles you and bring you new possibilities!
Rough times make you thirst for something more!If you're thirsty,Bring Jesus empty cups,Let Him fill it;
God understands your weariness,your pains,your sufferings,and your doubts,He's assuring you that His greater purposes will prevail for you!
You can be excited again as you imagine and grab ahold of the many new possibilities that God will send your way!So get ready!
Each day,think of what a privilege it is to be alive- to breathe,to enjoy and to consider God's new possibilities!
Every day God gives you,you have to make choices.Will you choose God's new possibilities or entertain the doubt that wants to dwell with you
Your new possibilities won't have a chance to flourish in your life if you hold on to the old ones that aren't working!So let go and let God
It's not unusual for you to feel the pressure and stress of having to go through as you wait on God to fulfill His promises!God won't fail!
God can bring New possibilities into your life when you acknowledge Him and allow Him to direct your path!
Today instead of staring at the mound of problems that threaten to overwhelm you,God wants to invite you to consider New possibilities
You may be really tired,and don't think you can take it anymore or endure the "problems",God will give you the strength if you'll keep going
God may have to keep taking you through some "stuff"to get you to cross over from where you are to where He wants you to be,keep going!
When God decides to change circumstances,the lame will leap like a deer,and the mute tongue will shout for joy!Nobody does it like God can!
God may have led you through some vast and dreadful deserts,but He's leading you through something to get to something better!
Behold,I will do a new thing;now it shall spring forth;shall ye not know it?I will make a way in the wilderness,and rivers in the desert.
God will never leave or forsake you.He is your helper and He is a very present help in your times of trouble and need!
When your moutain of problems won't move+ your breakthrough seems slow,you'll find God's grace sufficent;
We have found that you have to empty your mind of old ideas that don't work to make room for the new ideas that God wants to impart to you!
Awesome discoveries await you as you walk with God and follow His lead,though the way He take you may be long and slow you'll get there!
When the "Holiness" of God comes into your situations,whatever wasn't right often changes";
God has new discoveries hidden in the problems of your life that can only be discovered as you allow Him to lead you through your problems
Want to Make an exchange with God? Trade Your sorrow,your shame,your pain+Brokeness for the Joy of the Lord;
Let's face it,some things in your life may not be changed for a while,why let them keep dragging you down?Let God fill you with joy!
Renewed confidence,a sense of purpose and getting close to the destiny that God has planned for you can all be yours when you seek God daily
God wants to guide you in your times of trouble and dismay.When what you are doing is not working,God has a better plan for you!
Allowing God to guide you will save you from having to go through really bad situations that you can't get out of!
If you are having a tough time finding your way,why not allow God to guide you to the right people and the right places today?
Keep Waiting on God,and keep His way,He will exalt you to inherit the land;you will look on when the wicked are cut off-Psalm 37:34
If you will keep waiting on God,you will find that your strength,hope and passion will be renewed-Isaiah 40:31
Trust in God with all your heart,do not lean on your own understanding.In all your ways acknowledge Him,He will make straight your paths
Be still and know that He is God and at just the right time He will fix what needs to be fixed and do what needs to be done!
God never promised the paths for you enroute to your permanent positions would be easy,He'll make it worth it;
Your circumstances are temporary situations allowed by God enroute to your permanent positions,don't curse your path,enjoy the journey!
Trust in the LORD,do not lean on your own understanding.Acknowledge Him and He will make straight your paths-Proverbs 3:5-6
When everything screams you can't trust it,it's not stable+it not for you,trust God,if He's in it,it has no choice except to work for good!
The opposition in your life will try to keep you depressed,down+not feeling like going on!If you want up,you've got to choose to keep going
What do you do when you hope,you pray+you beleive for a miracle from God and it never arrives?Use your faith;
It may be a long,bumpy and uncertain road but just keep following God,You're going to get there!God won't fail!He will work things out!
Your spirit can thrive again,so can your life!God created you to be a victor,not a victim!Every day God will lead you closer to victory!
Don't let the joy go out of your life,God can reignite your waning passion+your waning zeal for life.It's not over till God says it's over!
Don't get comfortable where you are!Keep in mind that it is subject to change when God is in it!It's not over!
Every day may not be a real good day if you have trials,but if you look hard enough you will find good in each day that God gives you!
Instead of letting the storms of life ruin your days,ask "God, what are you trying to tell me through this trial?"
Instead of looking at your storms in life,look to God today with eyes of faith!Beleive for the impossible;
Don't let the devil get the victory in your life by stealing your joy+turning you into some 1 that murmurs+complains,that's what he wants
When things are bad+stuff looks like it's either not working or not changing,it can make you angry.Invite God to keep you from stumbling
Problems will try their best to get the best of you,just be still and know He's God;
Why not choose to be like us?Place your life in God's hands in spite of bad situations so that your feet do not stumble-Psalm 66:9
Sometimes it's the unusual things you do that brings breakthroughs!Choose to thank God in spite of it all;
Want to have a beautiful day?Meditate on the goodness of God+all that He's done for you+how He has kept you from the snares of the devil!
There's nothing that will happen to you today that you and God can't handle together,so don't be afraid to seize the moments!Enjoy your day
God has given you a bright New Day!Why not trust your troubles to Him today?Walk+ talk to God today to discover all that He has for you!
Discouragement in the hands of our powerful God can be changed instantly! He will give you new directions to replace what's not working
Your pathway may be broken and the signs may be unclear,God's plan for your life is not blurry and His signs for your life will be clear!
Just because life keeps trying to pull you down, you don't have to stay down! Choose to get back up again with God!
The most potent form of encouragement comes from God. When people get on your nerves and things don't go right, God will encourage you!
When David was becoming despondent and weary with life,he turned his face to God and he received instantaneous encouragement from above.
You don't have to just stand there and take discouragement! Give your discouragement to God and see what He will do to turn it around!
Discouragement is a trick of the enemy formulated to cut short your destiny, don't fall for the trick,give your discouragement to God!
Discouragement is a killer.When it comes you'll find yourself losing hope + the will to go on. God will defeat the demons of discouragement
When God opens the door to your prison cell of bad circumstances to let you out,don't just sit there,run,run,run,GET OUT and don't look back
When you get really tired of it + follow God's instructions, expect Him to open your prison cell and let you out;
We'd like to encourage you to not be discouraged by the trying times that force themselves upon you, God has a remedy to fix them!
Unfortunately you don't get to meet the healer -God until you've been hurt by bad situations; 
Even though the devil's snares of tricks may be thick and hard to get out of, when you trust in and follow God, He'll make a way of escape!
Bad situations do not discriminate,they'll hunt you down, find you and then spin a web so thick you can't get out,run to God,He'll save you
If you want out from your bad situations, stay tuned to God and how He is working to get you out from them;
After you have suffered a while, God will restore you and make you strong,firm and steadfast -1 Peter 5:10;
As you wait on God to come with your breakthrough,why not use the time you have to pray?
Though God tarries with your deliverance and your issues may not be fixed yet, be not deceived, God is working, your breakthrough is coming
There's no point in letting troubles and problems spoil your DAY so let's Shabach God for HELP;
God will come along at just the right time with the bailout that you need to get you to where you need to go,don't worry,simply trust Him!
Almost every 1 you meet has had to overcome something,go through something or fight something,keep that in mind as you endure your hardships
Let's all run to God and take those things with us that are making us tired+anxious.Let's reach for Greater;
No body likes those dreadful things that happen along the way that makes you run out of gas,steam+hope,let God use them to promote you
You may not have planned where you are+ things might have gone crazy+ended you up Where you didn't want to be, but God can turn it around
Confused about where you're at?Do you feel like you're stuck side the road with no gas for your car,expect God to show up+bail you out!
Spend 15 Minutes or more with God@<BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We're gone to be refreshed+renewed by God!We hope you have a good weekend! Pray For Us-We Pray for you.We hope to see you on 2/23/15 @9:32am
That's it this week!Thank you for Helping Spread God's Powerful Word!Many are being blessed because you ~Retweeted or Shared the Tweets~
God didn't say that living life would be easy,fair or just,but He did say that He would be with you;
Want your life to be more effective?Pray more,read the Bible more and seek God more;
God will help you every step of the way.It may seem like you're all alone with no help,but God is present in your life.Daily He guides you!
Be like Jesus,since Jesus knew God had a plan for His life,He could put up with anything along the way!He kept running towards His greater!
PSST,child of God'you'll get there if you don't get very tired of it then give up and quit;
So let God choose if and how He wants to work.Let God choose if you need "Miracles".Let God choose which paths to place you on.
God is a strategist,a mastermind,He's in a class all by Himself.He knows where you've been,where you are+ knows what you need to get there
Because God methods often change in and through "Your bad"circumstances what used to work yesterday may not be working today!
While it is true,it is always the same God that delivers you through and out of "bad" circumstances, He changes how He chooses to work!
So, what do you say? Do you need God to refill you again?On Your mark, get set go ask for your fill up again!
If you need constant refills along the way,God often allows it.You can get refills of energy,zest,desire,and knowledge,simply ask for it!
God is with you in+through it all.He's waiting on the other side of your trouble with the reward He has for you,so you mustn't quit dear
What if what God wants to give you is not the "Miracle"or "solution"You want?Can He show you the way?
Instead of asking God for a specific "Miracle"or specific solution to your long standing and long distance problems,can God choose for You?
Are your problems so bad you need miracles? A miracle is the intervention of God to turn things around;
God may choose to pay you by showing you how to deal with stressful work situations;☯☛
Sometimes God's payday occurs in your life leading you to the realization that you're not where You fit;
Keep in mind God pays in many different ways. Payday doesn't always mean money! God will Make A Way For You!
It is important you keep following God,Keep seeking Him+stay tuned+listen for His Voice!Though the way may be long+hard,payday is coming
Jesus suffered much more than you ever will,yet He endured "His"race of life,He pressed on and so must YOU;
Don't keep looking at what your circumstances are screaming at you"Keep Your eyes on Jesus"press on,God will show you the way!
Get more of God's word in your life+invite Him to show you what work He has for you that leads to solving your problems if you're baffled.
What you are going through may be tough, but perhaps it's the tution you're having to pay to get Where God✩ wants <VICTORY HAND>You to go!
God did not design you to run the long distance race of life without Him.You will constantly need His help+ guidance.He'll work if you will
The variety of challenges that show up in life can make you feel like you're in a long distance race.It is tiring+rough.Let God help you win
If you continue to stay the course with God,you'll see that what you thought was an ending is a new beginning;
Let God use the mess that life has dealt you to propel you forward to His next Super extra ordinary move of greatness!Get ready,get set go!
When God is involved, anything can happen,be open.God has a beautiful way of bringing good vibrations out of broken chords.-C.. Swindoll
You're not the only 1 having a go of it with problems.Everyone everywhere you go is having a go of it with something.You are not alone
Don't let nasty surprises or twists and turns of plot deter you from the path God wants you to tread.God's sifting will repay nasty twists
Freedom is your right child of God,but the evil 1 fights daily to keep you bound up,but if you'll keep reaching for God,He will free you!
If the devil's power on your life keeps getting worse ,keep laying it before God and praying to God...He is working.
You'll never get a new and better beginning from God as long as you hold on to what is NOT God's highest and best for your life!
The struggles of your life have brought you to where you are now.God wants to use those struggles to reposition you for something better!
If something or some one continues to make you miserable,day in and day out.God is speaking to you through that situation.Let Him shift it!
Won't you look to God  for  new solutions that He will provide to the old problems that keep baffling you?
What is perplexing you+baffling you often makes you so busy that it is draining you of the time God gives you;
People everywhere are always trying to trick you into believing what they want you to see.Be not deceived,all that glitters is not gold!
When you can't understand the hidden things that are going on around you,understand that it is NOT hidden from God and He'll deal with them
If circumstances were going to change of their own accord for the better,they would have already changed.God wants to step in and help you!
God doesn't want you held hostage to your terribly oppressive and baffling circumstances, just let Him out them the way He wants to.
What baffles you may show up without your consent or invitation, it will often take God's power and presence to rid yourself of it!
There may be many perplexities in your life that baffle you and oppress you,but it is always the same God who delivers you out of them all!
God wants to help you out from oppressive situations that are not His best!Want the extraordinary?Follow God;
So don't get tired of doing what is good.At just the right time you will reap a harvest of blessings if you don't give up-Galatians 6:9
The Bible is filled with God's promises for you.His extraordinary promises will manifest in your life at God's appointed times.
God can heal,transform and give You extraordinary results when others can't and everything else has failed;
God's plan for your life is extraordinary.It requires His help+ His power to make your life better!
You don't have to keep putting up with boring and unsatisfying situations!Allow God to transform you and your unsatisfying situations!
You've got to keep pressing into God by praying and praying and not giving up if you want your chains broken;
It may seem like you're never going to get out from what troubles you but your turnaround will come,keep trusting God.He won't fail
Being stuck in hard,bad and tight places won't last always, if your time to get out hasn't come yet, it will;
God's gifts to you are always good and perfect.God never gives you second class gifts.His gifts will always be good and perfect for you.
Fear not!For no trouble or problem has besieged you that God can't out or fix,for He is with you and for you;
What the enemy has meant for bad in your life,in God's appointed time in your life,He will make it extraordinarily Good!Just wait on Him!
Stand,watch,look to the North,South,East+west!Put your problems on the altar before God,wait for solutions;
Keep praying about the sources of what is irritating you and trying to make your days miserable, sooner or later God will irritate it.
No matter how tired you may be,or what is irritating you to no avail,don't give up now, God can change it;
God's extraordinary gifts into your life will be blessings to you!They'll make you happy, and they will increase and prosper you!
Problems are not always bad! Every problem creates an opportunity for God to show up and reveal Himself to you in different ways!
Think about it.What problems constantly inflict pain on you?Give it to Jesus,let Him break the chains;
God always sends you what you need.Every good gift+every perfect gift is from above,and comes down from Your Father of lights-James 1:17
So why not take that "ole problem that has been inflicting pain on you"and give it to God?Let Him change it to be extraordinarily good!
Everyday can be extraordinary,because God is extraordinary!There is no one like Him.He is often imitated but can never be duplicated!
Don't stay tired or discouraged,never give up on what you know that God said you could have and could be;
When you're stuck in oppressive situations,it's hard to see each day as extraordinary but when you invite God into your mix,it can be!
Just because some of your circumstances might be bad doesn't mean you have to allow them to spoil your joy.Turn to God,see what He will do!
Are you tired?Fed up?Sick of the Ho Hum of life?Why not look to God and ask Him to make Your days extra-ordinarily exciting and good?
Waiting on God to fix things can be hard,if you stay the course,it'll be worth the wait.Don't give up on God;
It is not uncommon for your money to run out, your patience to run out, or your hope to run out as you wait upon God for help.
As your creator, God knows the way you take, trust that He will fix things right in His timing and in His way. You won't be sorry.
If God is holding you in His grip,He may choose to fix what is wrong a different way.Being open to How He chooses to work is what we do.
Just bring what is wrong to God and leave it with Him. See if He will decide to fix it or not. You'll never know till you try.
Since some things haven't changed yet,you may have to.There is nothing wrong with exercising your power to choose to change.
Here's an illogical instruction that produced victory;in Hebrews 11:30,the walls of Jericho fell,after the army marched around them 7 days.
When you ask God for a breakthrough,He often responds with illogical instructions.If you want a breakthrough,watch for God's instructions!
Want God to pick you to get breakthrough?Maybe He wants to meet with you to fill you for your breakthrough;
Are there any among you that are just plain tired of it all and you need or want God to pick you today to get your breakthrough?
Desperate times,require desperate measures.God may lead you to do something illogical for you to get the breakthroughs you're seeking.
When you're following God,be sure to make the turns that He leads you to if you want to get out from any real bad situations that bother you
If you will give God enough time to work in your situations,He may fix what's been bothering you much better than you ever expected.
Waiting on God for a long time may be frustrating but God is seldom early but He's never late,so hold on;
We can tell you for sure that running ahead of God does not work or pay,you're much better off to wait on God;
God wants to talk to you,walk with you+comfort you as you wait upon Him.He is always willing to help you with the next step for your life
Your pit of despair may not change for a long time before you get God's help,so inviting God to comfort you is a smart move on your part!
Pits of despair are often used by God to shape you,make you,and prepare you for something greater.The help He sends is often based upon this
God's help in your life is usually sent in God's way+based upon God's divine timing for your life.It's normal to have to wait a long time
Are you sick?Broke?Depressed?Down and out?We encourage you to approach God's throne of Grace through prayer,to ask for help for your needs.
God has given you the desire to succeed!Failure will never overtake you if your determination to succeed is strong enough.O. Mandino
Instead of focusing on why you can't do something God wants you to do,why not focus on why perhaps you can+be 1 of the exceptions-S.Case
God never said it would be easy,He said with Him all things are possible if you believe- Mark 9:23
It takes a lot to become who God wants you to be!With God's help your greatness can be unwrapped;
God wants to unwrap the greatness that is on the inside of you,so he chips away at petty things that try to hold you down+hold you back
If you want what God has for you that is much better,you have to become willing to leave what is not best+what's not working!
God created you for more!You don't have to stay stuck in low paying jobs,dysfunctional relationships or ventures that don't work
God loves you!He delays answers to your prayers+allows failures so He can lead you to something better;
For every failure,God has an alternative course of action.You just have to find it.When you come to a roadblock,take a detour.
God allows the difficulties of your life so that they will make you better,not bitter.
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry,show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Your problems will try+choke the life out of you if you let them, but seek God He will keep you in perfect peace when you focus on Him!
Why not become open to the new possibilities God has in store for you instead of focusing on what went wrong+what you don't have?
Life is just way too short to be miserable when God has many other choices + possibilities for you!Pray for God's Direction!
God wants to give you new joys,new discoveries+new opportunities but as long as you hold on to what doesn't work you will stay stuck.
Your new adventure with God is just a decision away.God is big enough to bring about something better for you if you'll trust Him!
You don't have to be held hostage to your circumstances if you are tired of them+they are not working.Seek God's infusion of `a new thing
If your life is still not what you want it to be,seek God for new adventures.If something continues to not work in your life,just let it go
Your faith in God will be tested by waning resources,unfair circumstances and empty bank accounts.Hold on to God,He won't drop you....
God will give you many refills on the prescription that He orders for your life,but to get healed you do have to take the medicine He orders
Most people stay stuck in life because they are afraid to choose something different even though where they are is not working
God will present you with many new options as a way to get you out from the multitude of problems that besiege you,but only you can choose
God knows you are weary from the struggles of life and the ups and downs that change your moods.This is why He offers to revitalize you
You don't have to keep struggling with trying to design the outcome,God already knows what to do,so let go and let God!
God has already proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that He is for you.He provided Jesus as your Saviour;
Your God sized future will continue to involve radical change as God shifts your atmosphere.It may hurt but it'll be worth it
The God sized future that God holds for you has no more shackles,no more chains and oppression is a thing of the past!
God will change bad situations that try to hold you hostage.He's gonna set you free;
God is saying to you today,"I have seen your afflictions,I know of your pain,I will deal with evil taskmasters,I will make a way for you"
Dear one,if you've already aligned with God's plans and purposes for your life yet and your problems are not fixed,it is not time yet
God is well able to fix your Robust problems and challenges when you bring them to Him and align with His plans and purposes for your life
Today might be the day that it all changes for you,but you'll never know unless you follow where God leads;
God never meant for you to be able to fix some of the things that happen because He wants to be the one to orchestrate the outcome
Problems often comes in stacks.And when they show up they tend to pile up catching you off Guard.Give your problems to God,He'll fix them
Sometimes life leaves you no choice but to hang on by a thread.God wants to assure you that He will help you with your multitude of problems
God Is waiting For You@ <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We'll be back 2/16/15@9:32am with God's Powerful Word!We're gonna be looking for You!Have a great weekend!We're gone to celebrate God's love
That's it this week!Happy Valentine's Day to you! Thank you for staying tuned to God's word and Re-tweeting So others can be blessed.
2015 can be Your best year!Matt.19:26 says "looking at them Jesus said With people this is impossible,but with God all things are possible"
If you are having difficulty believing God's word or seeking God's word, just remember how He's already brought you a mighty long ways!
If Your soul is weary with sorrow;ask God to strengthen You according to His word - Psalm 119:28
In all your ways acknowledge God,keep your daily appointment with Him,He'll transform you+direct your paths;
You'll gain understanding from studying God's word;you'll learn to hate every wrong path. -Psalm 119:104- 
The entrance of God's light will dispel any darkness that exists in your life.The revelation of God's word will also give you understanding
We know sometimes it seems like a dark cloud may loom over your life and you can't get from under it,invite God in so His light will shine
You may get tired repeatedly as you wait on God.If you choose to fill your time with the Goodness of God and His resources,you'll be fine!
God's breakthrough in your life won't work if you fail repeatedly to make the turns He leads you to make.Pray,watch+wait for God's turns!
God wants to position you so you prosper,any hell you go through may be part of His process to get there;
Why not allow God to use what's happened to you, what's gone wrong in your life and what's not working to reposition you?
Why not decide right now that no matter what,the destiny God has for you is worth pushing your way through your current pain+suffering
When it's all said and done, if You will submit your ways to God,He will help you get to where you belong; 
Stand,look,watch and wait Today,expect God to show up and do what only He can in ways that only He can in your situations!
God's lane for you right now maybe full of afflictions+trials but it is always God who will deliver you from them all in His timing!
Instead of looking at how bad things are,be like us,choose to see delays God allows as blessings in disguise;
The word of God is powerful,it never fails. It will not return back to God void, It'll do what God sent it to do not 1 time but every time!
If your prayers remain unanswered+stuff is still not working you may have to keep on seeking God!God's solutions can give you a turnaround!
This could be the Month of God's extraordinary Victory For you! You'll never know unless You Follow God;
What has been meant for your harm,God will turn around and make it work for your good and His Glory; 
Sometimes the pain you see and feel is all you can focus on.Want a miracle?Change your focus,look only at what God's already done for you!
Didn't you know,when God is in it with you,it's just a matter of time before Does it again For you?
One of these days and it won't be long,you're gonna look for your trouble and it is going to be gone!God will have taken your troubles away
You may feel like all hope is lost and you've been waiting too long and maybe God won't help you or make a way!But God won't let you down!
If God helped you before, He'll help You again! If He provided for you before,He'll provide for you again!<AIRPLANE>
Have you not heard? Have you not seen? The wonder of God's working in others lives? If He did it for them, He'll do it for you!
Weeping,trouble,disappointment and being broke always comes before your breakthrough,you are being set up for God's powerful provisions! <WHITE SMILING FACE>
Oh,taste+see God is good,forget not all of His benefits. Don't Worry cause ~God is working. He has seen Your afflictions.He will help YOU! ☤
We've made the decision to pull in God's presence to get refills of refreshment,we encourage you to do it too;
Can God alter your plans+choose for you what HE wants you to have instead of what you want?Sometimes you may have to let go and let God!
God knows how long you've been waiting on "some" things but sometimes the things WE want,is NOT what God wants for us.Let God choose for YOU
Almost every 1 you know is almost totally exhausted,the overload that most people carry demands and needs God's infusion of refreshment!
Better days for you are ahead.They are waiting for you on the other side of you getting through what you're going through,so keep going~
Think for a moment.What are YOU tired of?What do you need God to touch?Give it to God,let Him work!
On the other side of all of what you're going through,is the fulfillment of the promises God's made to you!You'll need energy to get there!
Your story may never change if you're too tired to make the changes or the turns that God leads you to.Let God infuse you with new energy!
The burdens of life that tire you,also make you restless.God wants to Touch and give YOU refreshing rest;
Being stuck in any prison cells of bad circumstances is optional and can make you really tired.You don't have to stay stuck.Seek God's touch
Jesus died a terrible death so you could have a better life.It would be terrible to stay locked up in prison cells of bad circumstances
Trust God's timing in YOUR life.He knows where YOU are and when to touch you in the right place; 
It's normal to get tired+be frustrated+wonder what is going on,God understands!1 day things will make sense Expect God's touch in YOUR life!
Never think God is NOT working,because He is always working 24 hours a day 7 days a week for YOU to bring about right outcomes for YOU!
If YOU want God's supernatural Power to land right where you are and touch you,BE careful what YOU want,because YOU just might GET IT!
Would you like a supernatural surge of God's energy to land right where you are?If so,on your Mark,Get SET GO;
Why not take a 60 second pause and be still and know He is God?Let God send you a supernatural surge of His wonder working energy!
It can be difficult for God to give you rest from your heavy burdens if you are constantly moving and constantly carrying your own burdens
Want to be still and know He is God and partake of the rest He wants to give you?Let Him speak to your heart;
The rat race of life is fast paced,constantly moving.Everything seems to go so fast.Every 1 seems so busy.Be still and know He is God!
Carrying around heavy burdens,heavy work loads,and a body that is totally exhausted will drain and suck life out of you.Let God refill you!
Have you noticed when you get tired,you're less patient?God invites you to"Come to me,all who are heavily burdened and He'll give you rest"
We invite you to push,pull or drag yourself from bad problems that drain you+exhaust you.Give them to God;
God wants to refresh and revitalize you and fill you with His wonder working power,energy and new zest for living when you seek Him daily!
Child of God,you do have many options whether it looks like it or not.You don't have to stay tired+ discouraged.Invite God to refresh you
Are you tired?Have the problems life forces upon you almost pushed you to the brink of insanity+exhausted you?If so,God wants to refresh you
Be wise- go with God where He leads you.The way may be uncertain+the signs unclear but God knows how to get you there if you follow Him
You can do this dear one!You can get from where you are to where God wants you to be if you will keep going!
Your future is worth fighting for,so you can't give up and quit now.God will help you get there but you will have to do your part and work
The evil 1 has always tried to stop the plan of God.He sends distractions,discouragement+delays so you will get disillusioned+give up
When you are trying to have a better life,beware of the evil 1,He will try all kinds of tricks and gimmicks to try to get you off track
For you are God's workmanship,created in Christ Jesus to do good works,which God prepared in advance for you to do-Ephesians 2:10
As you become still+quiet before God you allow Him to bring into your thoughts the ideas,concepts and insights of what He has planned...
If you want,during your appointment times with God,you can ask Him to help you have better days so that they are not so hard to get through
Even if your days don't go right,God is with you and He is for you.He will help you get through it all-Just keep seeking Him!
You may have grown tired of going through the same thing day in+day out.If you have,invite God in your day ask Him to help make it good!
Allowing negative circumstances to control your thoughts often hinders you from positive results;
You may be bored with things the way they are,tired of them or sick of them the way they are,sometimes they don't change until you do
Because you are unique,God doesn't want you spending your days worrying about others getting ahead!What God has for you is for you
God has created you to be unique.He wants you to use your uniqueness to have unique days that brings you closer to His unique purposes
God is teaching you some of your greatest lessons of life through what you are going through.You are better than you were+you will get there
No matter how bad things are,things have a way of working out in marvelous ways when you obey God+leave the consequences+outcomes to Him
If you are broken,weary,and beaten from the toughness+problems of life,spend time during your daily appointment with God-let Him revive you
God is in your midst+it may be hard to believe that God allows some things to happen but He's still good even though He allows bad
The rough+tough things of life will come to every 1 at some point and time.God wants to strengthen you+help you through it so you can go on
Life will do its part to present roughness in your life so you have to do your part and you have to have a plan to overcome the roughness
Your future is too great for you to give up.God wants you to make it;so you'll have to choose to go on;
You weren't mean to have to deal with way too much and to experience constant oppression.God has a way out for you when you seek Him
The raging waves of the currents of life will knock you down!Why not invite God to your travail,let Him handle the currents that you can't
If you are suffering Hardships,in your own strength you may not be able to change them but God can;
Let God guide you through your mazes of problems.He will lead you step by step which won't drain you out +  leave you with no energy
When you struggle hard against the currents of life the more you struggle,the less strength you have to stay above the water.
Take refuge in God's help and guidance for your life.He will save you from hidden snares and lead you on a safe path that will birth success
The way ahead of you may be steep+by now you may have lost steam,but if you invite God's help,He'll give you the strength to make it
When life doesn't make sense and your problems don't seem to budge,Jesus answered saying"Simply have faith in God"-Mark 11:22
Be persistent+open to the avenues that God may provide to you in solving your problems.God will help you solve your problems if you ask Him
Excessive pressure,stress and unhappiness will often drive you to entertain unhealthy addictions;
Dealing with fear and anxiety can be very difficult. As a result,inviting God to help you can be very effective in managing your fears.
If you want your God given dreams to come true,God will help you dispel any fear that you may have that keeps you from going forward!
Some dissatisfaction in life will always remain because the dream that God has buried on the inside of you is NOT being fulfilled!
We too have had some problems that have been so complex,so bad and so draining,that all we could do was let go and let God!
You matter to God.He loves you and wants you to do well in everything you do.Your value to God is priceless.
Thomas Edison failed ten thousand times,but he continued on until he succeeded.If you want to succeed you too will have to continue on!
God wants to wake up the sleeping giant in you!He can change what went wrong when you seek Him!
You are stronger than your problems!Your problems are too weak to weaken you.You can make it if you just keep going!
"God is your refuge and Your strength,He is a very present help in trouble" Psalm 46:1 
God will extend to you incredible Mercy&amp;grace as you go through your problems trying to figure them out.He won't just abandon you!
Problems cause great stress and strain.God wants to lift the stress and strain from your life when you seek Him.
Problems often introduce you to pain,to worry and to God! Ask God to guide you to effective ways to deal with your pain and problems.
If problems occupy your mind all of the time,they will not only drain you out but they will weigh you down+prevent you from moving forward
God wants to help you solve the problems that weigh you down and puzzle you!He wants to show you different ways to solve these problems!
Patient endurance is what you need,so you'll continue to do God's will so you can receive what He promised;
Every denial,every delay, every setback + every thing that the devil used to make your life miserable will lead to your biggest blessings
When God lets you out of your prison cell of bad circumstances that's held you hostage,you'll see what God had for you was worth the fights
If you could see how things were going to work out or see how God was gonna "fix" things,God wouldn't be asking you to trust Him!
Want to come closer to God?Drop what you're doing like it's hot and meet God right now in the power of a song;
If you're at the crossroads where things have gotten so bad,whatever you give up on,don't give up on God,because He won't give up on you!
Lean in much closer to God, for He is calling you from where you are to where He is with your abundant life waiting for you!
Just keep moving forward with God, He will enlarge you in all aspects of your life when you stay in His lane and don't quit!
Whatever has been worrying you,depressing you and making you fearful,God is going to change it in his time and in His way, so don't worry!
If you want God's plan for your life to come true,follow the way God guides you!Choosing God's ways,will get you God sized results!
When you choose God's way,instead of the world's way,you will begin to experience the peace of God, the success of God and the favor of God
God wants to work on your thought life so the demons of doubt don't constantly keep you down,let Him work;
Your life will go in the direction of your thoughts. Proverbs 4:23 states" Carefully guard your thoughts they are the source of true life"
The demons of doubt are famous for reminding you of what's not working, what you don't have and how you haven't made it yet!
As God works to make something good out of the ashes of your life, we've learned that some things will never change until you change!
Don't get weary in well doing, your due season is coming! God will reward your patience in waiting on Him;
Pain and heartache will often keep you locked up in an emotional prison with no hope for release. God wants to show up and get you out
Being impatient with God can be costly,we don't recommend it at all.No matter how long it takes,wait on God;
As you continue to experience the pain+heartache that living life brings,be patient with God as He works to bring good out of your misery!
Things fall apart for a reason. Allow God to use what broke to lead you to "His New Thing for your life";
Here's an idea for you;instead of cursing what went wrong in your life,why not turn to God and ask Him to bring something "new" and better?
Have you not heard? Have you not seen? The wonder of God's working in others lives? If He did it for them, He'll do it for you!
Weeping,trouble,disappointment and being broke always comes before your breakthrough,you are being set up for God's powerful provisions!
Sometimes even if you lose everything.. If you have Jesus.. It is enough to start again;
The goodness of God will chase you down and come into your situations to transform you and them no matter how bad things are.Be ready!
God's goodness will amaze you.His methods will astound you.His interventions leave you speechless.Look around+look up,for God is working
God is looking intently at you today.He's thinking and deciding how best to act in your circumstances,so expect His intervention and help!
Oh,taste and see that God is good,not just sometimes but all of the time.Discouragement won't win if you turn to God. He will help you!
Spend Time with God-Change Your Life<BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We will be looking to see you again on 2/9/15@9:32am!We're gone to enjoy a Relaxing Weekend! We hope you will have a safe+Blessed weekend!
That's it this week!Thanks for staying tuned to God+Sharing Tweets with others so that they too can be Blessed!You are A Co-Worker with God!
God is still working behind the scenes on "shifting" things around for you.You may not see it yet,but it's coming, so stay tuned to God!
A paradigm shift is when significant change happens - usually from 1 distorted view that is insufficient to a clearer view full of potential
A wonderfully exciting paradigm shift will occur for you when God enters into your midst and shows you His future plans for your life!
Your world as you know it will change when you see the world through the lenses of God's eyes;Let Him fix your vision!
If you walk with God long enough,it won't take you long to figure out who your haters are and what their strategy against you is.
Something or some 1 will always be trying to irritate you,push you or steal your joy.If they keep refusing to change,change yourself!
While it is true,things may not always go as you had them planned but God can allways make lemonade out of the lemons life gives you!
What ails you doesn't have to kill you,take your joy or make life miserable.Allow God to change how you see it so you can get through it
The woes of yesterday will keep on trying to keep you down if you're not careful.Daily you can beat them all,just give them to God!
Sometimes things go wrong in your life so that you can experience the turnaround God wants for you;
Just because you may be limited in what you can do,God is NOT limited as to what He can do."With God all things are possible if you believe"
Falling down repeatedly is part of the journey,it not uncommon to feel like you're so down you will never make it.God will help You make it
If you've gotten tired from going through,God issues you the same invitation"Come to me all you who are weary+burdened.I will give you rest
God has given you many gifts including the gift of each new day!Worshiping God no matter what is One of your gifts back to God!
If your life is tough+your hope is gone,it will drain you!Why not get alone from the noise+meet with God;
God never meant for your vibrancy of life to slowly fade.He is seeking to revive+restore your passion for His plan+purposes for your life
It is not unusual for some things to end in your life.Endings always open up space and allow God to bring you your new beginnings!
You might think that you have it bad but there is always some one worst off than you are!
There is nothing that God can not fix or turn around for your good+His glory when you surrender it to Him+how He chooses to work!
The difficulties in your life always bring God on the scene to speak to you through those He's chosen;
Getting to the right path that leads to your better life requires that you understand and act on the messages that God sends you!
God may never explain why some Prayers aren't answered or why some thing never change,but Trust Him anyway;
What if even though you don't understand how God is leading you or why,you seek Him anyway?
The messages and inspirations that God sends you are not sent at random.They are specifically meant for you to guide you to the right path!
God is always speaking to you about where you are and where He is leading you to.He always has a message for you that will change your life
We know personally how hard it is to leave those things+habits behind that are not good for you,but it is necessary to get your turnaround!
Old habits + mindsets die hard but because God is on a mission to craft for you a better life,He is changing those things that need change
God has seen what's troubling you.Your turnaround is getting closer!Don't worry! It's coming;
The word of God clearly says in "Psalm 50:15"-Call upon God in your day of trouble,He will answer you;
God gave us a turnaround more than 2000 years ago,He gave us Jesus.Jesus is a chain breaker and a yoke destroyer!Call Him if you need help!
It's been said in order to receive you must first give.If your turnaround isn't happening have you checked to see how your giving is doing?
The Dawn of a new day that God is weaving for you involves an incredible turnaround in your life;
The dawn of a new day is coming for you!God is working to uproot everything that hinders you so He can give you the dawn of a new day!
Stress and distress are silent killers.If you can't handle it anymore,why not hand it over to Jesus?
God wants to help you with your life. ou don't have to be confused about what to do,simply inquire of God,He'll lead you
Trying to hold on to where you were and how things were usually results in no forward movement. God wants to change stagnant situations
Oftentimes it's the things+people around you that control your emotions and your behavior.This is why God often changes where you are
God doesn't want your problems to drive you to a breaking point.He wants to transform your stress and distress into trust+peace in Him
If it is too hard for you to trust in God and believe Him for the better life He has for you, why not trust Him moment by moment?
Sometimes things may go buck wild before you realize addictions +wrong influences are not worth it;
Every 1 has times of doubting+wondering just what is going on,but you can't let your doubts stop you from trusting God,He will come through
Sometimes when things are just not working + God's promises haven't come true,you just have to let go and let God and wait it out.
Let's change our story today!Let's dare to beleive God for the extraordinary Miracles He has in for us all!
Rough + tough times will erode your trust and belief in God, but God wants you to trust His good plans for you no matter what!
While some good things God has promised you may not have come true yet,"God is not a man He should lie"in His timing they'll come true!
It is written:"No eye has seen,no ear has heard+no mind has conceived what God has prepared for those who love Him"--1 Corinthians 2:9
If you're thirsty for all God has for you+fed up with life's problems,come away for a while,let God fill you;
How would you know God as your healer if you were Never sick?How would you know God would rescue you if you never needed saving?
Dear child of God, your failures are NOT final. God is just using your storms so that you will be able to see Him at work more clearly!
Why not drop your problems like they're hot? Why?Because God wishes above all things that you should prosper+be in good health-3 John 1:2
Have you considered that if you were NOT going through what you are currently going through you would be going through something else?
Undoubtedly things may have been rough for you and even tough for you!But almost everybody you know is going through something~
Worrying about the same old thing over+over again wastes your time+energy.God wants you to let go of the past+get ready for your future!
God has so much in store for you as You seek Him for direction! Why not take the limits off God?Get ready for what He has in store for you!
Make no mistake about it,you'll know when God has stepped into the arena of your circumstances;
When God steps into the arena of the dysfunctions that have manifested in your life,what was is no more and demons run to save them selves!
The devil has sent some of his best assassins to take you out,take you down and rob you of joy,they've lost.Because God is stepping in!
When you know that God is with you and for you through it all,hopefully that will be enough to give you the courage and desire to go on!
Let your troubles,your problems and your troubles be the training Ground  God can use so you can live like Jesus!
What you are experiencing is not your end,it's simply a new beginning disguised as trouble,setbacks and pain!
The greatness of our God is more than enough to shatter the chains of oppression,depression and rejection!It works every time!
The provisions that God wants to give you will cost you something!Do you need God's provisions today,inquire of Him and wait for His answer!
When you have exhausted all possibilities and no 1 helps you, expect God to provide for you;
As a child of God,when God restores you and increases your finances,you're dangerous to the devil's kingdom,that's why he wants you down!
Being totally drained out in all aspects of your life creates opportunities for God to refill you like no one else can or will!
Perhaps what God wants is for the trouble not to trouble you but to drive you to Him so that He can show you His higher and better ways!
Dear child of God,won't you look to God and ask Him for His help,His provisions,and His guidance?
You don't owe your problems,your troubles,your pain and your hurt anything,so give them to God and let Him provide them out for you!
Troubles,disappointments,hurts and pain are like a fat man sitting on top of you that doesn't want to move!God's power will make it move!
Take a good long look at where you are,because when you allow God to intervene and provide for you the way He wants to,things will change!
It's easy to get caught up in how you want things to be provided for you and when you do that,you miss how God wants to provide for you!
Are you looking for God to provide for you today?God's provisions usually comes from unlikely sources,unlikely people at unlikely times!
God is working in your circumstances to get you where He wants to be.He's ready to move you to YOUR purpose;
Everything God has created,God has created to fulfill a purpose.You may be where you are because you are not living your life on purpose!
Sometimes if you want what you never had,you will have to do what you've never done. Let God guide you to live your life on purpose!
Your decision now determines how the next second,next minute,next day,the next week+the next year will go.God wants you to choose wisely
There's no reason you should fail when God has given you so much help,so much encouragement+ so many reasons to succeed.So what do you say?
You don't have to figure out your life's purpose by yourself.God has given you a helper,His name is Jesus;
God has more ahead for you than He has behind you when You walk in your life's purpose,we encourage you to seek God for your life's purpose
What if you think you are living your life on Purpose and God does not?Can God change YOUR purpose?
God wants you to use the time wisely that He gave you.Think for a moment. Are YOU living your life on purpose?If not,God allows UTURNS!
Perhaps your problems,confusion+trouble has been allowed by God to redirect you to lead you to walk in the Purposes For Which He created You
Any rut you experience can be changed by God,but you can't just sit there+do nothing if you want Him to change it.Walk to where God is!
You don't have to settle for the scraps and leftovers that life gives you or hands out.God has more for you;
YOUR Destiny hangs on YOUR DECISION!So what's it going to be? Will You stay where you are or walk to where God is and move to what works?
Don't listen to haters,the naysayers or critics about what to do,listen to the voice in you and Choose if You will Seek God's Way or Not!
It can be a brand new day For You,a new season For You and a new beginning.Won't you Seek God for new pathways + New opportunities?
Blessings,Favor,promotions,new relationships,new opportunities await when you walk to where God dwells;
Step out of the ordinary,walk forward to the extraordinary where God dwells.He's waiting on you to simply walk away from what's not working
If your pathways are broken,disgusting,not working or if you're tired.God invites you to look to Him for another way!Are YOU coming or Not?
God is looking for YOU if YOU're tired of being tired+Need Him to guide you!Are YOU the 1 He's looking for?
We don't like chaos,trouble or things and stuff that does not work,what about you?If you don't like where you are,seek God for another way!
Where you are is a result of past choices you've made+ situations God allowed. Need a change? Seek God for What to do and the Way to go!
God is a Way Maker.He can create something out of nothing+good out of bad,He's waiting on you to seek Him;
It doesn't matter if it seems like you're stuck, can't get it to work, you may be sick, tired or both! God wants to show you the way to go!
You matter to God!Your life matters to God!He created you for a purpose.If you don't know what to do, Seek God,He wants to show You the way!
Your life doesn't have to be a mystery.God wants to make clear the ways you should take.Choose time to get alone with God,seek His guidance!
You don't have to walk around with a Veil over your eyes groping around in the dark trying to figure things out. Let God guide you!
If it seems your life is at a standstill +things are either not working right, they're confusing or troubling,God wants to guide you
Dare to beleive that God can and will provide for you when you pray to Him and Seek Him daily;
Greater is He that is in you than He who is in the world.God wants to help make your dreams come true,Let Him work through you,it'll happen
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.Let God lead you to the destiny He created you for!
So go with God,seek Him while He may be found,He'll change your world as you seek Him more;
You can waste a lot of time being miserable talking&amp;thinking about what has happened.Talking+thinking about it doesn't change anything
Choose to believe that God has allowed whatever happened to you to happen because He truly does have something better in store for you
When some 1 has done you wrong,as tempting as it may be,do not allow the hurt to fester inside of you;let it go for your own sake
You still have a bright new future ahead of you in spite of any roadblocks,setbacks,disappointments+anguish that's happened
^God doesn't want you to act like your disappointments or anguish didn't happen,He wants you to go on in spite of it all!
It's normal to experience anguish when your expectations have been dashed.God doesn't want you to stay depressed because of your anguish
Stress can often be caused by multiplied disappointments.Even if you've been disappointed terribly,God can take it+transform it into beauty
Truly there is no 1 like God.He is Sovereign over all+the way He works is marvelous and exciting;
If God isn't working things out at all in your life,He may be trying to tell you something through Him not working things out at all
You can't go wrong relying on God because you never know how He's gonna work things out,you just know that He will.
Praying+talking to God about your problems can be effective when you're stressed.The answers may not come right away but they will come
If you're really tired all of the time+don't feel like being bothered,God may continue to delay some of His highest blessings for your life
When your fears and depression get the best of you from having to go through so much,your zest for life dies+you become really tired quick
Want God to show you new sights and create New Desires in you as you wait on Him?Go here;
Be willing to lay your troubles before God&amp;allow Him to work them all out however He chooses so that you can be freed up for greater things
Just give that old bad thing to God that is stressing you out,driving you crazy and trying to push you to the brink of insanity.He'll fix it
God has allowed your painful experiences to challenge you,but He won't allow them to overtake you.God will transform them into blessings
God can Be Found waiting For You@ <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
If You want God's More for your life, Spend 5 Minutes or more With God for the Next 31 days! Record His answers @
We're gone to be Refreshed and Energized by God! Pray For Us As We Pray For You! We hope to see you back on 2/2/15 @9:32am
That's it this week! Thanks for Re-Tweeting and taking on Bold New Faith Challenges with God! Many are being Blessed because of YOU!
You may not feel like being joyful but God can transform you so you can be joyful for your new start;
Being optimistic and happy protects you from the stresses of life and keeps you from having to suffer the consequences that stress induces
Regardless as to what hasn't gone right in your life,you can still choose to be happy&amp;seize the new start God brings your way
You can do all things through Christ who gives you strength!You can do better,you can be more+you can have more,this is God's plan for you
God is on a mission to perfect that which concerns you and He is moving daily to get you to your place called there!
After a while life starts to get boring+unexciting.Especially when your life has been filled with problems!God is coming to make things new
A new start is coming!God is up to something!He wants to create fresh new excitement in your life that will birth a New Season for you!
God didn't say that living life would be easy,fair or just,but He did say that He would be with you;
Want your life to be more effective?Pray more,read the Bible more and seek God more;
God will help you every step of the way.It may seem like you're all alone with no help,but God is present in your life.Daily He guides you!
Be like Jesus,since Jesus knew God had a plan for His life,He could put up with anything along the way!He kept running towards His greater!
PSST,child of God'you'll get there if you don't get very tired of it then give up and quit;
So let God choose if and how He wants to work.Let God choose if you need "Miracles".Let God choose which paths to place you on.
God is a strategist,a mastermind,He's in a class all by Himself.He knows where you've been,where you are+ knows what you need to get there
Because God methods often change in and through "Your bad"circumstances what used to work yesterday may not be working today!
While it is true,it is always the same God that will deliver you through and out of "bad"circumstances,God's methods change!
So,what do you say?Do you need God to refill you again?On Your mark,get set go ask for your fill up again!
If you need constant refills along the way,God often allows it.You can get refills of energy,zest,desire,and knowledge,simply ask for it!
God is with you in+through it all.He's waiting on the other side of your trouble with the reward He has for you,so you mustn't quit dear
What you are going through may be tough,but perhaps it's the tution you're having to pay to get to your place called "There"God has for you
What if what God wants to give you is not the "Miracle"or "solution"You want?Can He show you the way?
Instead of asking God for a specific "Miracle"or specific solution to your long standing and long distance problems,can God choose for You?
With Depression + Dejection being Unleased in your life it can be hard to understand God-Here's Help; 
Are your problems so bad you need miracles?A miracle is the intervention of God to turn things around;
Is there any among you willing to show up in God's presence and seek God for His "Paydays"or "Miracles"; 
Sometimes God's payday occurs in your life leading you to the realization that you're not where You fit;
Keep in mind that God pays in many different ways.Payday doesn't always mean money;
It is important you keep following God,Keep seeking Him+stay tuned+listen for His whispers!Though the way may be long+hard,payday is coming
Jesus suffered much more than you ever will,yet He endured "His"race of life,He pressed on and so must YOU;
Don't keep looking at what your circumstances are screaming at you"Keep Your eyes on Jesus"press on,God will show you the way!
Get more of God's word in your life+invite Him to show you what work He has for you that leads to solving your problems if you're baffled.
God did not design you to run the long distance race of life without Him.You will constantly need His help+ guidance.He'll work if you will
The variety of challenges that show up in life can make you feel like you're in a long distance race.It is tiring+rough.Let God help you win
My thoughts are not your thoughts,neither are your ways my ways,says God.As the Heavens are higher than Earth,My ways are higher than yours
If your life is a mess and you can't figure things out,God is always willing to guide you if you are willing to follow His guidance.
We know how it feels to be puzzled by life's difficulties&amp;unable to control what happens, we turn to the 1 who controls it all-God
Maybe what God wants you to learn most from what you are going through is to trust the world less and Him more!
Don't worry dear 1,God's gotcha..He knows what you have need of and is working to bring what you need to you!
God's deliverance for your life includes deliverance from the pharaohs of your life and cruel taskmasters-C. Swindoll
When God's control reigns in your life in His own timing and in His own way He will deliver you from oppressing situations!
If your pathway is filled with pain,anxiety,and lack,God wants to meet you at your point of need;
The wonderful news for you today is that God's plan for your life is full of hope,full of good and full of amazing things still to come!
God is really in control and what He has determined will happen,so it doesn't matter who doesn't like you or want you to get ahead~
Your future should not depend on fate,fortune or some good or bad luck somewhere. Your future is determined by God as long as you follow Him
You were created to praise + worship God no matter what. Praising God will make you feel better;
God may not always change your pain but He will always change you as He walks with you through your pain.
God loves working with you and seeing you come into revelation knowledge of who He is.He delights in doing for you what you can't do
God's control in your life can often rebuild your life in such wondrous ways if you follow the promptings of God's leading.
Some times thing spin out of control in your life so that you can experience God's control in your life.
If your life seems like it's spinning out of control and your life is in an uproar,be encouraged today that God is in control+will help you
Keep believing in God for you do have a reason to hope.God is not a man that He shall lie,what He has promised you,He will do!
You're gonna soon see child of God that what has been meant for evil in your life,God will turn it around;
We too have had to fight all kinds of schemes,tricks and snares from the devil but God is faithful,He always makes a way out of no way!
If you're searching for a miracle,look in the mirror.The miracle is YOU!Life has taken it's best shot and You're still here!
Your sufferings may have been going on for a long time now,but Joy has been scheduled by God for you,and it's on it's way to you!
God is and always has been all you will ever need.Hexes and curses won't work against God's power to deliver and save you!
When you're pushed in a corner and there seems to be no way out and no help on the horizon,just wait and trust that God will help you!
You don't have to keep trying to destroy the strong holds that try to hold you hostage because God will in His timing! Simply wait on Him
God is still working behind the scenes on "shifting" things around for you.You may not see it yet,but it's coming, so stay tuned to God!
A paradigm shift is when significant change happens - usually from 1 distorted view that is insufficient to a clearer view full of potential
A wonderfully exciting paradigm shift will occur for you when God enters into your midst and shows you His future plans for your life!
Your world as you know it will change when you see the world through the lenses of God's eyes;
If you walk with God long enough,it won't take you long to figure out who your haters are and what their strategy against you is.
Something or some 1 will always be trying to irritate you,push you or steal your joy.If they keep refusing to change,change yourself!
While it is true,things may not always go as you had them planned but God can allways make lemonade out of the lemons life gives you!
What ails you doesn't have to kill you,take your joy or make life miserable.Allow God to change how you see it so you can get through it
The woes of yesterday will keep on trying to keep you down if you're not careful.Daily you can beat them all,just give them to God!
Difficulties will dissolve and shift when you take them to God during your daily appointment times with Him!
You'll have many emotions and feelings during the course of the day and so will every 1 you meet.God doesn't change like shifting shadows!
You can boldly accept the challenges that life sends your way when you know you may seem alone but you're not alone.God is with you!
Victory waits for you on the other side of what you are going through,you've come to far to quit now!
Don't panic over what you've lost and what you need!God is able to give you something better than what you lost and supply your every need!
A fresh wind of God's goodness is coming child of God and it's headed your way!God knows your address and your phone number.He will deliver!
The shift that God will bring you will result in new blessings,new beginnings and new mercies!
And God is doing what He does best;restoring,saving,changing,healing,providing,encouraging and comforting!
You can't really get mad with the devil,he's just doing what he does best and that is trying to make life as miserable for you as he can.
Things can and will be a whole lot better for you when you become willing to confront the demons of lack and oppression with God's help!
If you're satisfied with being unhappy,and taken advantage of then do nothing.If you want what God has for you,run to Him for your "Shift"!
Don't settle for the pain + suffering life wants to inflict on you! Look for God to "Shift"things for you;
What God doesn't shift around for you,He will change!You just have to keep staying in faith with Him until He's ready to move!
If everyone else had the answers that you seek,you would already be where you want to be.God holds the answers you need,so seek Him!
Where you are is not where you are meant to stay.God has seen your low place,your pain and your lack.He is ready to ordain new choices!
Suffering and pain is part of life,but you weren't meant to have to endure it for so long!Invite God into your circumstances for your shift!
The storms of your life may have battered you,bruised you and knocked you around,but hold on dear 1,God is going to shift things around!
If you're broke don't worry,We've learned that Brokeness,disgust,failure,disappointment + lack are all part of the journey that God allows.
When you know that Almighty God is near you and He loves you and cares for you and is rooting for you to win,that often changes everything!
As you continue this journey you're on called life,God will continue to walk with you + talk with you.He'll reveal His nearness to you!
Spend 5 minutes or more with God! Draw close to God. He'll draw close to you+Guide You right ways;
God is still working to restore your zest for living but keeping your daily appointment with God is important if you want to follow His cues
Failure to follow God's cues results in continued failure,continued brokenness and a dysfunctional lifestyle that is lacking zest.
Sometimes God doesn't move or answer your prayers because He is trying to get you to move and you're missing His cue.
When you seek God's heart on the matter,He'll make it clear to you what you should do;
When you've very tired of something because it either is not changing or you can't take it anymore,seek God's heart on the matter first.
It is true that quitters never win +  winners never quit.It can be very tempting to quit all things especially when you're tired,don't do it
Regardless as to how things may look or feel to you,God wants you to keep pressing on!You really will win if you just don't give up+quit!
It can be rough+even tough to get back up again after being knocked down,with God on Your side you'll win;
God is going to use the setbacks in your life as an opportunity for Him to give you a Fresh New Start so that you can Win!
God will lead you at a pace you can tolerate.He is mindful of how long you've been waiting,what you've been through + you're tired
God wants to continue to lead you through your difficulities. God's greater purposes is worth any pain you're suffering now!
God allows the difficulties of Your life to make You better,not bitter.For every difficulty that you overcome,God has a blessing for you!
Even if you don't understand where you are going,why it's taking so long or how it's all going to work out,God does + He will lead you!
With God's help and direction you won't go wrong.You will make it through so just keep going.
Trust yourself,you're doing good.You're 1 step closer to your place called There even if it doesn't feel like it or look like it.
And may you have the power to understand how wide,how long,how high,and how deep God's love is for You!
If you hadn't gone through all of the things that you've had to go through,how else would you know God?
Some dry seasons are meant to drive you closer to God not push you away.So don't curse the dry seasons use it to get to know God better.
God may have allowed your discomfort to be caused by dry seasons that seem like they will never end.God will help you through the dry season
Your many afflictions are No match for God's power.You won't be sorry for Standing in faith and waiting on God,He never disappoints.
God will turn to You and He will be gracious to You!The troubles of Your heart may be enlarged but God's purpose to save you is Greater!
In God's time + His own way He will change your sorrow into gladness.God won't let you down,He will rescue you!Keep seeking Him!
In your times of sorrow God is saying to you "Do not be afraid of them,for I am with you,I will rescue you,"declares the LORD-Jeremiah 1:8
You don't have to keep worrying about how you're going to make it,God has already made a way for you+He'll lead you there at the right time
The Dew of God's presence will dispel Any darkness that hoovers over your life;
If you're still tired and worn out from life's sorrows + troubles,The Dew of God's presence will usher you into sweet rest unheard of.
When You begin Each day with God,the rest of the day will be fresh+filled with God's presence which is fresh as the Dew of the morning!
Dear 1,Oh,Taste and see that the LORD will be good to you if You wait on Him.Oh,taste and see,He will bless you if you take refuge in Him!
A lot of life's problems may be caused in your life by trying to please others,trying to be like others and wanting what others have.
God wants a unique + special relationship with You! He uses your circumstances to teach you who He is + how He works!
Be wise enough to know as long as your audience of 1 which is God is happy with you,you'll be just fine no matter which way the wind blows
Don't let any 1 compare you to others and get you upset,the only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Tight places that drag on longer than you want them to that resist any and everything requires faith in God;
God has promised to never leave or forsake you. As your Heavenly father He loves you and cares for you more than anyone else ever will!
Just because it may not have happened for you yet doesn't mean that it won't happen.God's delays are not always God's denials.
Spend 5 Minutes or More With God@ <BLACK HEART SUIT> 
We hope to see you back on 1/26/15@9:32am where the Wonder Working Power of God's Word will continue on!
That's it,we're gone to be refreshed by God! We hope you've been blessed by God's Word! Thanks for Re-Tweeting and Growing God's Kingdom!
Remember,don't entertain pity parties,let go+let God!Choose to believe that God will do what He has said;
We'd like to remind you not to get comfortable in your low stuck places,when God decides to show up, things will change Very Quickly!
You matter to God!He created you to be a unique masterpeice,He will not allow your troubles to destroy you,He'll fix what's troubling you!
Do you want or need Jesus to fix things that are NOT working in your life? Go here;Let God speak to you;
If you're tired +can't get it to work+you've surrendered your plan to God for His,wait on Jesus to fix it;
Jesus said in ~John 16:33,in this world you'll have trouble,but be courageous!I have conquered the world."Let Jesus conquer your trouble"
We're in a fight!The battle will never be over,so as soldiers of the Lord Jesus Christ,we all will have to seek God for his plans so we win
Some delays in your life happen because God is trying to get you what you need and change things but the devil is trying to block it!
God knows exactly where you hurt,He knows what you need,He has seen your many afflictions and it's only a matter of time before it changes
The woes, problems and the trouble in your life is not going to last forever.God will outlast your storms+He is working now to change it!
God has allowed some of the things to happen to show you how indescribable He is in solving your troubles;
Being broken,being hurt,being discouraged and being tired of it happens to almost every 1 enroute to their something better.Just don't quit
A miracle is hidden in your mess!If you try to get out of your mess your way you'll miss your miracle.Give it to God,get your miracle!
God has created this world for us to enjoy,He really doesn't want you miserable,stuck,can't hardly make it sick+tired.Let Him get you out
Some things won't change until you do.You are where you are by God's design.He probably didn't cause it but allowed it.Let Him lead you out
Have you had enough yet? Do you want to let go and let God?Invite God to instruct you on how to get out;
Have you ever wondered why God allowed so many problems in your life?Listen as Evangelist Evans shares;
Let's not be like the Israelites and have to wander and stay stuck for 40 yrs!Let's not complain,hold pity parties or have unbelief in God!
Remember the Israelites in Numbers 14?God declared they would wander in the wilderness for 40 yrs because of their complaining + unbelief!
The devil wants you to keep on talking about what happened, what hasn't happened+ what God isn't doing,if you want out try not to complain
Firmly decide along with us that you're not going to take it anymore, you are really going to let go and let God work it out!
You're not alone in the struggles of life!No 1 likes dreadful things that happen that try to drive you crazy!Let God work them out!
Up until now dear 1 you may have been made to see many troubles,be not dismayed,God is going to use what's happened to work for your good!
Record the More that begins to show up in your life+ Remember to thank God for all good gifts come from Him;
God leads you at a pace you can tolerate.He is mindful of how long you've been waiting,what you've been through+ that you're tired!
Even if you don't understand where you are going,why it's taking so long or how it's all going to work out,God does + He will lead you!
With God's help and direction you won't go wrong.You will make it through what you're going through and you'll get to claim YOUR {More}
Trust yourself,you're doing good.You're 1 step closer to receiving more of what God wants for you,even if it doesn't look or feel like it.
While you are going through it,may your eyes be opened so you understand who God is and receive and accept the plan He has for your life!
If you hadn't gone through what you've gone through,how else would you know God that God is able to turn things around and give you more?
Some dry seasons are meant to drive you closer to God not push you away. So don't curse the dry seasons use it to get to know God better.
God may have allowed your discomfort to be caused by dry seasons that seem like they will never end.God will help you through dry seasons!
Your many afflictions are No match for God's power.You won't be sorry for Standing in faith and waiting on God,He won't disappoint you!
God will turn to You and He will be gracious to You!The troubles of Your life may be enlarged but God's purpose to save you is Greater!
In God's time He will change your sorrow into gladness.God won't let you down,He will rescue you;
In your times of sorrow God is saying to you "Do not be afraid of them,for I am with you,I will rescue you,"declares the LORD-Jeremiah 1:8
It has been said to get more of what you've never had, you often have to do what you've never done before;
You don't have to keep worrying about how you're going to make it,God has already made a way for you+He'll lead you there at the right time!
When you invite God into your circumstances,The Dew of God's presence will dispel any darkness that hoovers over your life to get your more
Allow the Dew of God's presence to usher you into sweet rest unheard of so you can claim YOUR "More".
If you're too tired+worn out from life's sorrows+ troubles,The more God has for you will remain unclaimed,unused and stuck waiting on YOU
Maybe the More God wants most for you right now is to "Refresh you+Revive"YOU!"Inquire of God by saying"God how can I be refreshed+revived"?
Starting right now,begin to decree and declare that you will have the MORE that God wants you to have;
Dear 1,Oh,Taste and see that the LORD will be good to you if You wait on Him.Oh,taste and see,He will bring more if you seek Him more!
Think about it for a moment.If God were to allow you to choose the MORE that shows up in YOUR life,what would that look like for you?
Now's the time to Seize the moment,seek God for the more He wants to choose for us!If you want it,claim it;
God has given you the power to choose!If the MORE that shows up in YOUR life is not what you want!Want different results?Choose different!
Oftentimes to get more of what God has for you,you do have to believe for more!"Take the Limits"off of God!Let God choose more for you!
It's the devil's work to depress you+make you look at what you don't have+what's not working.God wants you to look at MORE of what's working
God chooses the more He will give!It's not always material things!It may be more of Him or more of Jesus;
Today can be your lucky day.It can be a new beginning for you leading you to more.Seek God for Your more;
The MORE God has for you has YOUR name on it,but as long as you look at what is NOT working+what you're tired of,YOUR MORE remains unclaimed
Did you know looking at your same problems+being tired of them and praying only about them limits the MORE God wants to bring in your life?
Being broken, disgusted, ☃tired, tired of it, fed up, sick and can not get it to work are tools God uses to get you ready For His MORE!
Did you know that Your current conditions of discontentment were necessary for God to bring you to this place so He could redirect Your path
Did you know That God wants to lead you to Much more than You have ever thought of or could ever dream of?☛
Today, We have a Question For You! Did you know That what has manifested in your life so far is NOT all That God Has for you?
Each day God waits with anticipation for you to come into His presence,so don't disappoint Him dear 1,for He is waiting for you to show up!
God is working in your circumstances to turn them around.Don't give up praying and seeking God,He has a breakthrough with YOUR name on it!
Want to accept God's invitation to rest before Him in His presence? Pray this prayer "I invite You in my life to help and guide me"-Amen
God is issuing you an invitation again"Come to me,all of you who are weary + burdened and I will give you rest"-Matthew 11:28
God never meant for you to be the answer to everyone's problems or to carry everyone's heavy loads,so let go and let God.
If you want to stay sane,don't keep carrying the heavy load of your problems + worries, keep giving them back to Jesus.
You may have to live with things that seem like they don't ever change or get better for years,but in God's timing things will get better!
God may appear silent as you battle the messes that you go through,but He is not absent.He is present+working 24/7 for your good.
If you don't understand why you are going through,continue trusting God,He may be setting you up to receive a larger miracle in your mess!
No 1 has the power to stop or kill the dream that God has placed on the inside of you,not even death;
Sometimes problems will cause your dreams to totally die.A dead dream ushers in God's power to resurrect it according to His purposes.
As you continue to gain more revelation knowledge of who God is + you keep your daily appointments with God,your problems will be solved!
Often times you would never learn to recognize God's amazing solutions if you didn't have any problems.
Often it is the really bad problems that you have to face in life that prepare you for God's amazing solutions for your life.
God is always working on your behalf.When you think nothing is happening that's when God is working to make all things work for your good.
God's time of change may not have come for you yet,but it will so hold on for it will surely come;
So if your back is up against a wall and things are still not working+you're no better off,God's time of change hasn't come for you yet
If you've studied God's word then you know that in Ecclesiastes 3:11 the word tells you that God made everything beautiful in His time.
What do you need God to help you with the most today?Place it before Him and ask for His help,then wait;
Why not make up your mind that no matter what,today is going to be a good day?Then it'll be a good day because God is with you+for you
The emotional anxieties that you often feel while worrying about problems you can't control will steal your joy+cause health problems
Every minute you're alive matters+is a minute you'll never get back,so don't let worrying about what you can't control rob you of today!
Today is a new day!Yesterday is over+tomorrow may never come!God wants to come alongside you+show you the way to go!So invite His help!
God understands if you don't feel like constantly having to grapple with your problems+go through.He wants to help You work them out!
Understand that where you are is not all there is.When God gets ready,He'll bring your new possibilities;
When God gives you a turnaround,you'll look for your problems but won't find them.You'll say "Oh where,oh where have my problems gone"?
We encourage you to find a promise from God in His word-hold on to it`til He brings you new possibilities;
There might be dark forces that try to convince you to stray from the right path of God,don't do it.Quicker is not always better.Wait on God
God has a new possibility for every wrong thing that has happened to you.Why not allow Him to show you how to change what's haunting you?
What you have seen God do up until this point is not all there is for you!God has oh,so much more in store for you!
You need not worry dear one,because without a doubt,we know that God can and will fix what troubles you and bring you new possibilities!
Rough times make you thirst for something more!If you're thirsty,Bring Jesus your empty cup,let Him fill it;
God understands your weariness,your pains,your sufferings,and your doubts,He's  assuring you that His greater purposes will prevail for you
You can be excited again as you imagine and grab ahold of the many new possibilities that God will send your way!So get ready!
When you arise in the morning,think of what a privilege it is to be alive- to breathe,to enjoy and to consider God's new possibilities!
If the old possibilities of your life don't want to let you go,you don't have to worry,Jesus will fix it;
Every day God gives you,you have to make choices.Will you choose God's new possibilities or entertain the doubt that wants to dwell with you
What is not working or what's been taken from You is positioning you for New possibilities God has for you;
Begin to position yourself to receive the new possibilities God will bring,seek Him like you need a drink of water on a hot thirsty day!
What if your pursuit of God and His plan for your life determines whether or not you get delivered?
Dare to sneak away today from all of the competing noises around you.Launch forward into the presence of God! Let Him give you a plan
Your new possibilities won't have a chance to flourish in your life if you hold on to the old ones that aren't working!So let go and let God
If you want God to change chaos and any low,barren or tight places in your life,you will have to trust Him;
It's not unusual for you to feel the pressure and stress of having to go through as you wait on God to fulfill His promises!God won't fail!
God can bring New possibilities in your life that changes past chaos when you acknowledge Him, Trust Him and allow Him to direct your path!
Today instead of staring at the mound of problems that may try to overwhelm you, God wants to invite you to consider New possibilities!
As another day begins,in your time with God,inquire of Him,ask Him to lead you to your NEW and then wait for His responses!
Instead of focusing on why you can't do something God wants you to do,why not focus on why perhaps you can and be 1 of the exceptions-S.Case
God never said life would be easy,He said with Him all things are possible if you believe- Mark 9:23
God wants to unwrap the greatness that is on the inside of you,so He chips away at petty things that try to hold you down+hold you back
If you want what God has for you that is much better,you have to become willing to leave what is not best and what's not working for you!
God created you for more!You don't have to stay stuck in low paying jobs,dysfunctional relationships or ventures that don't work
For every failure,God has an alternative course of action.You just have to find it.When you come to a roadblock,take a detour.
God allows the difficulties of your life so that they will make you better,not bitter.So expect God's better after YOUR bitter~
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry,show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile; 
Your problems+hard situations will try and choke life out of you if you let them.Turn to God for YOUR new;
Why not become open to the new possibilities God has in store for you instead of focusing on what went wrong + what you don't have?
Life is just way too short to be miserable when God has many other choices + possibilities for you!
God wants to give you new joys,new discoveries+new opportunities but as long as you hold on to what doesn't work you will stay stuck.
God is so awesomely original that He makes all things NEW,even each day He gives us is NEW;
Your new adventure with God is a decision away.God is big enough to bring about something better for you if you'll trust Him!
You don't have to be held hostage to your circumstances if you are tired of them+they are not working.Seek God's infusion of `a new thing!
If you think the devil is bothering you or trying to hinder your new open doors,fight back;
God is nudging you forward from old places+old things that are not working. He wants to empower you to walk forward to the doors He opens!
