Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews is not unfamiliar with the post-pink protocol. Photo: T... 
Pro Bike: Lawson Craddock’s new Giant TCR: 

Giant is quietly introducing a new race bike at the Amgen Tour of... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 2: Michael Matthews takes the maglia rosa as Elia Viviani finishes fastest ... 
Elia Viviani wins stage 2; Michael Matthews takes lead at Giro: Elia Viviani finishes fastest in stage 2 of th... 
Tina Pic marks 49th birthday with (what else?) a bike race: Tina Pic (Pepper Palace) showed the strain of the ... 
Can Aru go the distance? Expectations growing for Italy’s next big thing: Italian Fabio Aru (Astana) saluted t... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Fastest bike-path ride ever: The Giro d'Italia's stage 1 team time trial featured seve... 
Gallery: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 1: 

Orica-GreenEdge smashes the Giro's opening team time trial for the sec... 
Kirchmann wins California stage 2, Komanski takes race lead: Leah Kirchmann wins stage 2 of the 2015 ATOC wome... 
Gallery: Phil Gaimon’s ‘Cookie Bike’: To promote its new version of the Podium, Diamondback commissioned this ... 
California press conference confirms: No clear favorite, except in the sprints: A few of the big names on the ... 
Results: 2015 Giro d’Italia, stage 1: Results from the opening stage of the 2015 Giro d'Italia
The post Result... 
Gerrans parties in Giro pink jersey after difficult days: Simon Gerrans crossed the line first for the TTT-win... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 2 preview: 

Voxwomen previews a climber-friendly stage 2 of th... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 report: 

Highlights from the opening stage of the women's To... 
Anti-doping stakeholders join forces at Tour of California: 

For the first time, the UCI, CADF, and USADA wil... 
Orica-GreenEdge wins Giro stage 1 TTT, Gerrans takes pink jersey: Orica-GreenEdge opened the 2014 Giro d'Itali... 
Petacchi: ‘The Giro still drives me’: Alessandro Petacchi has raced in Langkawi and Turkey this year, but the ... 
Hansen begins epic ride in bid to write name in record books: With a top 10 GC result in the Tour of Turkey, A... 
After strong early season, time is now for Porte in Giro: Richie Porte has already prevailed over top GIro riv... 
British nobility in the Amgen Tour of California women’s peloton: Decorated para-athlete Sarah Storey (Pearl I... 
Hall wins first stage of Amgen Women’s Tour of California: UnitedHealthcare's Katie Hall sprinted to win stage... 
Bennett out of Giro due to low cortisol levels: To comply with MPCC rules, LottoNL-Jumbo has pulled George Ben... 
UCI to test extreme weather protocol at Giro d’Italia: The final week of the 2014 Giro started with stage 16, ... 
Alberto Contador: “The Tour alone doesn’t motivate me 100 percent”: Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) is about t... 
Chad Haga Giro Journal: Ready to rip: Photo: Chad Haga
American Chad Haga is excited for his first Giro d'Ital... 
Video: GCN previews the Giro’s stage 1 TTT: Take a look at the Giro's stage 1 TTT with Global Cycling Network.... 
Giro’s team time trial leaves little room for error: The Tinkoff-Saxo team previewed the Giro's technical stag... 
Five key Giro d’Italia stages: 

If you can only watch the Giro a few days during May, these are the five stag... 
First Ride: Diamondback updates Podium with aero shapes: The new Podium sports carefully-shaped Kamm-tail tube... 
Tinkoff-Saxo: Contador’s Giro the winning ticket?: If Alberto Contador can deliver at the Giro d'Italia, the m... 
Stephens ready to contend at women’s Tour of California: After a strong early season, Lauren Stephens will mak... 
Analysis: Hard to read tea leaves ahead of grand tour season: GC stars like Chris Froome (Sky) and Alberto Con... 
Preview: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

Who will carry the pink jersey to Milan? Contador is a five-star favorite, but ... 
Carmen Small wins Pan Am TT championships: Carmen Small won the 2015 Pan American time trial championships in ... 
Video: GCN’s top 10 riders to watch at the Giro d’Italia: 

Global Cycling Network takes a look at 10 favorite... 
Video: Amgen Women’s Tour of California, stage 1 preview: Voxwomen provides a preview of the first stage of th... 
Greipel: Star in Giro without many top sprinters: Lotto-Soudal's André Greipel will be the man to watch in the... 
2015 Giro d’Italia start list: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the Giro d'Italia... 
Van Avermaet acquitted in Belgian doping investigation: Greg Van Avermaet (BMC) finished third in the 2015 Ron... 
Video: GCN’s 10 riders to watch at the Tour of California: GCN
Global Cycling Network breaks down some of the ... 
Kittel withdraws from Tour of California lineup: Marcel Kittel has had a tough run in the first few months of ... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Col de la Croix de Fer: 

The Col Collective ascends this 27km climb that ave... 
Ask a Mechanic: Shimano front derailleur setup: 

Art's Cyclery explains how to set up and adjust Shimano fron... 
Velon, RCS Sport partner to bring onboard cameras to Giro: Velon and the Giro d'Italia have partnered to bring... 
Hesjedal leads Cannondale-Garmin squad for Giro: Ryder Hesjedal takes the reins at another Giro for Cannondale... 
Cycling innovator and author Jobst Brandt dies at 80: Brandt, known for his engineering brilliance and his aut... 
Video: Global Cycling Network’s Giro d’Italia preview: 

Who will win the Giro? Global Cycling Network takes a... 
The world championships: An opportunity to change U.S. cycling: Each year, world championships bring together ... 
Video: Learn to bunny-hop in 60 seconds: Global Mountain Bike Network explains how to execute a perfect bunny-... 
Italy celebrates Giro start without much hope for home win: Astana's Fabio Aru stood on the final Giro podium ... 
Preview: Decisive racing packed into Giro’s final week: The climb up the Colle delle Finestre will feature dir... 
Outback and beyond: Lachlan Morton returns to pro racing: 

When talented young Morton became disenchanted wit... 
BMC aims for pink jersey in Giro team time trial: One of the highlights of BMC Racing's 2014 season was a surp... 
Video: Hincapie Racing looks back at its TTT nationals win: The Hincapie Racing Team won the 2015 men's team t... 
Why Astana kept its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco | Brake... 
Cavendish, Kittel, Sagan to light up sprints at 10th Amgen Tour of California: Mark Cavendish won the final st... 
Graduation can wait as Rivera aims for worlds: Coryn Rivera (UnitedHealthcare) had some bad luck at criterium ... 
Reviewed: Bolle 6th Sense prescription sunglasses: If you prefer more protection from the wind, the 6th Sense ... 
Technical FAQ: Drilling holes in carbon frames and more: The only holes in a frame should be the ones drilled ... 
Surprise Romandie winner Zakarin to race in Giro: Ilnur Zakarin won the Tour de Romandie last weekend and will... 
Sky assembles climbing squad to back Porte’s Giro bid: Richie Porte is looking to earn the pink jersey at the ... 
Movistar giving its support riders a starring role in Giro: Jesus Herrada is one of three Movistar riders who ... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Simon Andreassen’s XC race bike: 

Andreassen rides a custom-painted Specialized S-Works Epi... 
Ilnur Zakarin’s Swiss surprise: Katusha's Ilnur Zakarin raised eyebrows with a win at Tour de Romandie that fe... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the ... 
WADA criticizes French TV doping report: A report recently aired on Stade 2, a French television station, whic... 
Video: How to fix a broken chain: Global Mountain Bike Network explains how to fix a broken chain.
Global Moun... 
Alaphilippe signs two-year extension with Etixx-Quick-Step: 

Ardennes revelation Julian Alaphilippe has exten... 
Meier relishes chance to ride for GC at Tour of Turkey: Christian Meier, seen here during last summer's Tour d... 
Orica’s Giro d’Italia goals: Win stages, wear pink: Orica-GreenEdge won the stage 1 team time trial at the Gir... 
Tinkoff unveils ‘strong’ Giro squad to support Contador: Alberto Contador's quest to win the Giro-Tour double ... 
Rough riders: Sitting shotgun in the Mavic neutral service car at Roubaix: 

Caley Fretz takes a ride in the f... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 5: The break heads toward the Gila Cliff Dwellings. Photo: Casey B. Gibs... 
Rob Britton, Mara Abbott conquer Silver City Tour of the Gila: Michael Woods wins the Gila Monster stage of th... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Ilnur Zakarin en route to third on the stage and the overall title. P... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 6: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Tour de Romandie
The post Re... 
Ilnur Zakarin finishes 3rd in ITT to clinch Tour de Romandie title: Ilnur Zakarin rides to third in the final ... 
Kristijan Durasek hangs on to win 2015 Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Lluis Mas Bonet steals a march on ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 4: Guillaume Boivin leads Eric Young and Chris Horner through the last c... 
Lucas Sebastian Haedo, Hannah Barnes win Silver City Crit: Sebastian Haedo unleashed a blistering sprint from ... 
Daniele Ratto vows to fight to finish for Tour of Turkey’s green jersey: Daniele Ratto takes the green points ... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 5: The peloton comes to Fribourg. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspor... 
Ilnur Zakarin leads Tour de Romandie as Thibault Pinot wins stage 5: Thibault Pinot ends his victory drought i... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 5: Results from stage 5 of the 2015 Tour de Romandie
The post Results: 2... 
Mark Cavendish takes 3rd victory at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish took the hat trick the... 
Tom Boonen wants another crack at the classics on his terms: Tom Boonen would like another crack at the classi... 
Alex Dowsett cracks hour record at Manchester Velodrome: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) took on "the longest hour" Sa... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 3: 

The men's and women's UCI races take on the race of truth in New Me... 
Amgen Tour of California announces television schedule: 

A complete listing of the Tour of California's broad... 
Stephens and Zirbel win Tour of the Gila TT: Tom Zirbel and Lauren Stephens prove fastest on a calm day in New... 
Video: Gaimon talks about life goals, cookies, and more: Phil Gaimon reflects on his pro career, being an auth... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 4: The peloton suffers through a rainy day in stage 4 and a young Swiss ... 
Stefan Kung solos to Romandie win in rainy stage 4: BMC's Küng rides alone through cold and rainy conditions, ... 
Childhood ambition fires Dowsett’s hour record bid: England's Alex Dowsett claimed TT gold at the 2014 Commonw... 
Turkey provides fast track for Giro-bound sprinters: The Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey is an ideal provi... 
Bilbao wins Turkey stage 6, Durasek snatches GC lead: Caja Rural's Pello Bilbao climbs to a stage win, while K... 
Gallery: Bio-Racer factory tour: 

A peek inside the factory that makes this classic Belgian cycling apparel b... 
Cavendish on form for Tour de France success: Mark Cavendish is satisfied with how he's riding right now ahead... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 2: 

The second stage of the Tour of the Gila took the men's and women's... 
As the Vuelta turns 80, has it lost its mojo?: The Vuelta takes place in front of a dramatic backdrop at the e... 
Overlooked Aussie Jay McCarthy quietly contending for Turkey GC: Jay McCarthy (Tinkoff-Saxo) is proving himsel... 
Optum sweeps Tour of the Gila stage 2 with Young and Ewart: Eric Young sprints to victory, and Annie Ewart's l... 
Wiggins happy again after leaving Sky: Bradley Wiggins says he's optimistic about his upcoming hour record att... 
Amgen Tour of California announces women’s TT roster: World champion Lisa Brennauer will be the odds-on favori... 
Cookson: ‘People willing to invest in our sport again’: Although the CIRC report contains many unsettling reve... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 3: 

Orica-GreenEdge bides its time as GC favorites scuffle in final kil... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 3: Albasini again proves fastest in Romandie as another hilly stage, mar... 
Rio velodrome construction may halt amid concerns about worker safety: The Olympic velodrome is currently unde... 
In the News: Police foil terror threat to German bike race: German police raid a home near Frankfurt, arrest t... 
Pro’s Closet vintage pro bike video: Moninger’s 1991 Serotta: The Pro's Closet takes a look back at the bike t... 
Wiggle exec and former pro Derek Bouchard-Hall appointed CEO of USA Cycling: Derek Bouchard-Hall, former natio... 
Take two: Albasini wins second Romandie stage, wearing yellow: Race leader Michael Albasini sprints to a secon... 
Dowsett spotlights hour record ahead of Wiggins ride: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) will take on 'the longest hour' ... 
Rebellin extends lead, Modolo notches first win of year in Turkey: Lampre-Merida's Sacha Modolo sprinted to vi... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour of the Gila, stage 1: 

Casey B. Gibson captures the action during the opening stage of the... 
Ask a Mechanic: Pick the right cables: Is it worth the extra money to get better cables and housing?
Art's Cyc... 
Seeldraeyers seeks return to form following string of illnesses: Kevin Seeldraeyers is racing at the Tour of T... 
Rafael Montiel wins Tour of the Gila opener: Rafael Montiel attacked from the break to drop riders and go on t... 
Preliminary start list: 2015 Giro d’Italia: 

A full listing of the teams and likely riders who will race the ... 
Abbott delivers stage 1 Gila win riding for Amy D. Foundation: Representing the Amy D. Foundation on a composi... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Alex Dowsett’s Canyon hour record setup: 

Briton Alex Dowsett will have a crack at the long... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 2: 

After the peloton splits on a hard final climb, Orica-GreenEdge get... 
Orica, Giant, Katusha, Cannondale confirmed for Tour of Alberta: Daryl Impey won the Tour of Alberta on the fi... 
Commentary: Road rage: Illustration by Dave Brinton.
Dan Wuori decides to start yelling at cyclists — but not ... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 2: Orica-GreenEdge gets its revenge as Albasini sprints to stage win and... 
Albasini sprints into yellow jersey in Romandie: Michael Albasini now holds the overall lead at Tour de Romand... 
Analysis: Five who can win the Giro d’Italia: All eyes are on Alberto Contador (Tinkoff-Saxo) as he tries to w... 
Extra credit: Ben King broadens his horizons off the bike: After five years as an international pro, Ben King ... 
Greipel kicks into gear with stage 4 win in Turkey: André Greipel got back to his winning ways in stage 4 of t... 
Video: GCN’s tips on braking better to ride faster: 

Global Cycling Network demonstrates some braking techniq... 
Video: Col Collective rides the Col Agnel: 

The Col Collective ascends this 21km climb linking France and Ita... 
Chad Haga Journal: Heading home to celebrate: Shane and I aren’t confused for twins so often anymore. Photo: C... 
Gallery: Ridley Bicycles headquarters tour: 

A close look at the inner-workings of Ridley's Belgian headquart... 
Rebellin will not race the Giro d’Italia: Although Davide Rebellin showed off his impressive form with a win a... 
Tour of the Gila announces team line-up: Optum's Carter Jones led a small group on the Gila Monster climb, and... 
In the News: Meeusen acquitted by Belgian Cycling Federation: Tom Meeusen has been acquitted of doping charges... 
Eric Marcotte: The power of the U.S. pro criterium champion: Eric Marcotte (Team SmartStop) became the first m... 
Gallery: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 1: 

Team Sky wins a nail-biter, dispatching Orica-GreenEdge by less tha... 
Technical FAQ: Chainring and cog compatibility: Photo: Logan VonBokel | 
Lennard Zinn hel... 
Spotted: Merida road prototype: The new Merida frame, spotted in Liège, has a large, square downtube. Photo: S... 
Results: 2015 Tour de Romandie, stage 1: Sky ekes out a win ahead of Orica-GreenEdge to move Thomas into the o... 
Froome’s Team Sky edges Romandie time trial: Two-time defending Tour de Romandie champ Chris Froome and his Sk... 
Ted King will retire from pro cycling after 2015: American Ted King will wrap up his seven-year stint in the E... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Daniel Holloway’s Felt AR1: 

Elite national criterium champion Holloway's custom ride used ... 
Rebellin wins stage 3 in Turkey, takes over GC lead: Davide Rebellin (CCC Sprandi-Polkowice) won stage 3 at th... 
USA Pro Challenge route unveiled for 2015 race: The USA Pro Challenge will  make its way from Aspen to Brecken... 
Giro d’Italia: Aru rides into the unknown: Fabio Aru enters the Giro d'Italia with a question mark on his back... 
In the News: MPCC president Legeay defends organization’s mission: The Movement Pour Cyclisme Crédible is lobb... 
Analysis: The curious case of Alejandro Valverde: Alejandro Valverde won his third Liège-Bastogne-Liège title ... 
Greipel struggles to crack podium in Tour of Turkey: Andre Greipel (far right) finished eighth in Sunday's Tou... 
Froome seeks third straight Tour de Romandie title: Chris Froome has won the last two editions of the Tour de ... 
New sponsors keep North Star Grand Prix alive for 2015: The North Star Grand Prix closes out with a challengin... 
Leadville adds three-day stage race: 

The three-day stage race will cover the same course as the single-day e... 
Wiggins to race against Sky at upcoming Tour de Yorkshire: Bradley Wiggins ended his career in a Sky kit at Pa... 
Kittel to make racing return at Tour de Yorkshire: Marcel Kittel's only win this year came in January's People... 
Cavendish wins Tour of Turkey stage 2 to keep overall lead: Cavendish stays perfect in the Tour of Turkey by w... 
Ewan nearly beats ‘idol’ Cavendish in Tour of Turkey opener: The opening stage at the Tour of Turkey ended in ... 
After Liege runner-up, Alaphilippe happy to work for others: Julian Alaphilippe (left) finished a close second... 
Gallery: Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Across the line first for the third time. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Simon Yates rides through ups and downs at Liege, aims for Tour: Simon Yates, shown in stage 14 of the 2014 To... 
Mark Cavendish takes opener at Presidential Cycling Tour of Turkey: Mark Cavendish wins the opener to the Pres... 
Results: 2015 Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Results from the 101st Liège-Bastogne-Liège
The post Results: 2015 Liege-B... 
Alejandro Valverde takes Liege-Bastogne-Liege: Alejandro Valverde celebrates after winning the 101st Liege-Bas... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin recons Liege course: 

On-bike video from Cannondale-Garmin's Liege-Bastogne-Liege re... 
Renshaw looks to launch “Missile” to Tour of Turkey success: Mark Renshaw has already piloted Mark Cavendish t... 
Martin hoping to recover from effects of Fleche Wallonne crash to contend in Liege: Dan Martin won the 2013 ed... 
Craddock set to soak in experience at Liege: Lawson Craddock suffered several broken bones in a crash in Janua... 
Gallery: Lotto-Soudal service course: 

Take a look inside the Lotto-Soudal team's Belgian service course, as ... 
Drapac commemorates Anzac Day, Gallipoli centenary on Tour of Turkey trip: Drapac Pro Cycling commemorates Gal... 
Nibali focused on Liege as Astana license woes fade: Though unable to pick up a big result so far, Nibali has ... 
Photo Essay: Women’s Fleche Wallonne: 

Anna van der Breggen's 2015 victory was another entry in the history b... 
Aru to pursue legal action over Henderson Tweets: Fabio Aru won stage 15 at the Giro d'Italia this year. Photo... 
Paolo Tiralongo takes final Trentino stage, Richie Porte wins overall: Paolo Tiralongo won the fourth stage of... 
Kristoff signs new contract with Katusha: Alexander Kristoff has a lot to celebrate after signing a new deal w... 
Shelley Olds returns to racing after rib injury: Shelley Olds is motivated for the 2015 season with her new te... 
Preview: Liege could close spring classics season in dramatic fashion: Alejandro Valverde, Michal Kwiatkowski,... 
Organizers unveil 2015 Tour of Utah route: The 2015 Tour of Utah will roll through the rural Heber Valley. Pho... 
Report: Astana to keep its WorldTour license: It's been a rocky road for Astana this season. Photo: Iri Greco ... 
Photo Essay: Fleche Wallonne: 

Roadside photos from BrakeThrough Media tell the story of the 2015 Flèche Wall... 
Video: Highlights from women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen attacked on the Mur de Huy and left the r... 
Domenico Pozzovivo wins Trentino stage 3, Richie Porte retains overall lead: After falling behind on GC in Wed... 
Dan Martin: Dreaming of another Liege win: Dan Martin rode to victory in the 2013 edition of Liège-Bastogne-Li... 
Richard DeGarmo seeks financial support following cancer surgery: American cycling pioneer Richard DeGarmo had... 
Ask a Mechanic: Finding measurements for hub bearings: 

Art's Cyclery demonstrates how to figure out this mea... 
Tour contenders have mixed results at Fleche: A late-race crash cost Chris Froome more than 10 minutes in La F... 
Alaphilippe, 22, registers breakthrough ride at Fleche Wallonne: Julian Alaphilippe climbed onto the podium in... 
Velo Magazine — May 2015: The May 2015 issue of Velo magazine is the Destinations issue and the Giro d'Italia ... 
Results: 2015 La Fleche Wallonne: Results from the midweek Ardennes classic, which finishes on the infamous Mu... 
Porte’s Trentino stage win bolsters Giro d’Italia creds: Richie Porte was clearly the strongest rider on the d... 
Gallery: 2015 Fleche Wallonne: Valverde took one last look before crossing the line. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDW... 
Richie Porte wins Giro del Trentino stage 2, takes overall race lead: Richie Porte took a convincing stage win... 
Froome’s Fleche Wallonne another one-day outing to forget: Sporting ripped shorts and a few cuts, Team Sky's C... 
Anna van der Breggen wins women’s Fleche Wallonne: Anna van der Breggen delivers Rabo-Liv's seventh La Fleche ... 
Alejandro Valverde takes third Fleche Wallonne victory: Defending champion Valverde beats Alaphilippe and Alba... 
In the News: Tiernan-Locke plans comeback to racing: Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was handed a two-year ban in 2014 ... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin riders recon the Mur de Huy: 

The finishing climb of the Flèche Wallonne will serve ... 
Froome races Fleche Wallonne, plans Tour recon: Chris Froome will test his legs on a cobblestone route this we... 
Cookson: Armstrong risks angry welcome on Tour charity ride: Lance Armstrong is slated to ride the Tour de Fra... 
Sea Otter tech: New fatties from Trek and Specialized, vintage MTBs, and more: 

Trek and Specialized roll out... 
PCC, WADA partner to create $6 million anti-doping research funds: Partnership for Clean Competition and the W... 
Video: LottoNL ready for Fleche’s Mur de Huy: 

The riders of LottoNL-Jumbo talk about the challenge presented... 
Competitive Cyclist suspends Strava credits program: Competitive Cyclist announced Wednesday that it will susp... 
The Protagonists of the Giro d’Italia: Photo: BrakeThrough Media | 
With the Giro's start... 
Q&amp;A: Evelyn Stevens ready for La Fleche Wallonne: Evelyn Stevens won the 2012 women's Flèche Wallonne. She's a... 
Gallery: Trek IsoSpeed MTB hardtail: 

Trek Factory Racing spotted riding a yet-to-be-released 29er hardtail t... 
Bora-Argon 18 wins Trentino stage 1 TTT: Bora-Argon 18 was the surprise winner of Giro del Trentino's stage 1 ... 
The perfect Boulder tour with VeloNews and Cognoscenti: Riding in the Rockies. Photo: Kevin Batchelor
We’ve pu... 
Gallery: Sea Otter Classic men’s short track XC: 

Swiss powerhouse Nino Schurter wins the Sea Otter short tra... 
Technical FAQ: Disc brakes in road racing: The UCI will begin to allow disc brakes in the WorldTour this summe... 
Lefevere: Kwiatkowski won’t win the Tour de France: Etixx-Quick-Step boss Patrick Lefevere said Michal Kwiatko... 
Fleche Wallonne: New climb adds twist to Mur finale: The peloton will climb the Mur de Huy three times in Wedn... 
Peloton thinks of Criquielion ahead of Fleche Wallonne: As always, the race is anticipated to come down to the... 
Video: Pro peloton goes off-roading at Tro-Bro Leon: The peloton hits the dirt at Tro-Bo Leon.
It may not have... 
Photo Essay: Amstel Gold Race: 

The Netherlands' Limburg province is alive with spirited fans, racing action,... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bikes of the year: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
The Trek Emonda is our Edi... 
Astana license decision expected in days: Vincenzo Nibali's defense of his 2014 Tour de France win could end b... 
Fabio Aru out of Trentino with stomach virus: Fabio Aru (Astana) recently raced the Volta a Catalunya, where h... 
Wilco Kelderman’s Amstel Gold Race power data: Wilco Kelderman (LottoNL-Jumbo) made it into a promising late-r... 
Video: How to change Shimano lever hoods: Global Cycling Network explains how to replace the rubber hoods on S... 
Gallery: USA Cycling USPRO team time trial championships: 

Casey B. Gibson documents the racing during Sunday... 
Nibali surprised with strong form in Amstel Gold Race: Vincenzo Nibali spent some time at the front of the Ams... 
Sea Otter Tech: Mountain bike gear: 

Check out some of the latest offerings in the mountain bike world, from ... 
With second at Amstel Gold, Valverde confident for remaining Ardennes races: Alejandro Valverde rode to second... 
Sea Otter tech, day three: Open gravel bike, Birzman, and more: 

Open Cycles releases a versatile new drop-ba... 
Gallery: Amstel Gold Race: 

As expected, Amstel Gold's hilly parcours through the Netherlands delivered a stu... 
Hincapie Racing Team, Optum-Kelly Benefits Strategies win USA TTT nationals: Hincapie Racing notches victory i... 
Schurter, Pendrel win Sea Otter Classic cross-country: Nino Schurter (Scott-ODLO) outsprints Howard Grotts (Sp... 
Results: Amstel Gold Race: The rainbow curse is broken. Kwiatkowski out-sprints a select group after blasting ... 
Kwiatkowski sprints to first victory in rainbow jersey in Amstel Gold Race: The reigning world champion takes ... 
Gallery: Men’s and women’s USA Cycling pro criterium national championships: 

Marcotte scores his second star... 
Sea Otter Tech: Tifosi, Pactimo, Mash and more: 

Logan VonBokel grabs some pix of goodies from Tifosi, Pactim... 
Eric Marcotte adds U.S. pro crit championship to his road title: Eric Marcotte bides his time, then rockets aw... 
Kendall Ryan dodges crash to win U.S. women’s pro crit championship: Kendall Ryan collects the U.S. women's na... 
Kristin Armstrong off U.S. Pan Am roster as USAC revises team selection: Tayler Wiles will take Armstrong's pl... 
In the News: Taxi driver guilty in Burry Stander case: Olympic mountain biker Burry Stander died in 2013 after... 
Video: UnitedHealthcare TTT training camp: UnitedHealthcare will head into USA Cycling national team time tria... 
Gallery: Sea Otter day one: Raleigh, 3T, Yeti, and more: 

Logan VonBokel finds a prototype gravel bike from R... 
Buyer’s Guide: Baggy shorts: 

Look good and ride in comfort on the trails this summer with four solid baggy s... 
Wide-open women’s Fleche should serve up exciting race: Pauline Ferrand-Prevot delivered the goods atop the Mu... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling women in Europe: 

Many of the top American pro women test their early season form at... 
Phil Gaimon Journal: Fish fry: Phil Gaimon (Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies) rode to to the line alone to win s... 
Casino in the Limburg: Amstel Gold Race: The final climb up the Cauberg to the finish of the 2014 Amstel Gold ... 
Sea Otter Tech Day 1: Helmets, sunglasses, and more: 

Logan VonBokel checks out some of the new offerings on ... 
Kwiatkowski targets Ardennes classics for victory in rainbow stripes: Michal Kwiatkowski takes the rainbow jer... 
USA Cycling to reconsider 2015 Pan Am team: USAC says new selection criteria were not published according to p... 
A Case for Suffering: The Heroic: Eroica California is a celebration of the golden age of cycling, an event in... 
UnitedHealthcare heads to crit nationals with two defending champs: John Murphy won the 2014 U.S. criterium na... 
Video: GCN’s tips to perfect your climbing: Global Cycling Network's tips to improve your climbing.
Looking to... 
Peter Stetina: ‘I am lucky to be alive’: Peter Stetina's 2015 season has been thrown into disarray after a cat... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Custom road: 

If you need (or want) something special, these two custom bike builders mig... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Nino Schurter’s Scott Spark: 

Nino Schurter's sleek, 27.5-wheeled race bike is equipped wit... 
Gerrans to race Giro d’Italia after injury-filled start to 2015: Simon Gerrans hopes to get his season back on... 
Video: Nino Schurter’s hunt for glory, chapter 1: Nino Schurter heads into the 2015 season with his eye to the... 
Valverde, Quintana take on Ardennes classics: Alejandro Valverde won Flèche Wallonne in 2006 and again last ye... 
Two men race to beat 76-year-old mileage record: In 1939, Tommy Godwin set the world record for highest annual... 
Ask a Mechanic: Tubeless road tire removal: 

Art’s Cyclery provides some tips on taking a tubeless road tire ... 
Van Avermaet provides testimony against doping allegations: Greg Van Avermaet rode to third place in Paris-Rou... 
Gallery: Sea Otter tech: 

New offerings from Rotor, Scott, DT Swiss, Shimano, and Garmin are highlighted in M... 
Video: Michelle Khare races against Ferrari through L.A. traffic: BMW-The Happy Tooth's Michelle Khare goes he... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s mountain bikes: 

Three great bikes for ladies who want to hit the trails
The post... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo primed for ‘home’ race at Amstel Gold: The Amstel Gold Race is special for the Dutch Lott... 
Carl Decker Journal: Sea Otter: It’s not about us: The diverse array of cycling enthusiasts who flock to the S... 
Gallery: 2015 Brabantse Pijl: 

A fresh face rides alone to win Brabantse Pijl, ahead of a charging peloton in... 
Legally Speaking: The door zone: Bob Mionske recommends that, whenever possible, avoid riding in the 'door zon... 
Kreuziger to face CAS on June 10, will lead Tinkoff at Amstel: Roman Kreuziger's biological passport case is s... 
Results: 2015 Brabantse Pijl: BMC Racing does it again at the hilly midweek semi-classic, but this time it is ... 
Tour of Utah names 13 men’s teams for 2015 race: The Tour of Utah should again offer a stacked field, tough ra... 
Ben Hermans blasts away to Brabantse Pijl victory: With the peloton bearing down on him, Ben Hermans (BMC) rod... 
Photo Essay: USA Cycling’s U-23 &amp; junior men in Europe: 

Young Americans take on some of Europe's hardest rac... 
Technical FAQ: A drivetrain hack, tire pressure, and road discs: And with the longer rear derailleur cage, it ... 
Orica-GreenEdge looks to continue classics momentum in Ardennes: Michael Matthews won the opening stage at the... 
SRAM unveils 1x drivetrains for the road: SRAM 1x drivetrains are now available at the Rival level with Rival ... 
Wiggins schedules hour record attempt for June 7: Bradley Wiggins won the time trial two weeks ago at Three Da... 
Kristin Armstrong returns to U.S. team for Pan Am TT: Armstrong rode to her second career Olympic gold in Lond... 
Tom Boonen slated to race Giro d’Italia: Mark Cavendish and Tom Boonen will race together at the Presidential ... 
Video: Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia: The Col Collective climbs Passo Fedaia in the Italian Dolomites.
Co... 
Photo Essay: Dramatic sights from Paris-Roubaix: 

BrakeThrough Media showcases the dramatic scenes at Paris-R... 
Gilbert back to defend title at Brabantse Pijl: Philippe Gilbert (BMC) is aiming for his third win in a row at... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road shoes: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Three great shoes for lad... 
Gallery: Roubaix railroad crossing photo sequence: 

BrakeThrough Media's images of the controversial Paris-Ro... 
BMC hopeful Phinney returns to racing ‘before end of summer’: Taylor Phinney has been on the mend since a care... 
UCI to lift ban on disc brakes in August: Disc brakes are coming to the road in a big way. Photo: Eric Wynn | ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse mountain bikes: 

Don't break the bank to hit the trails this year. We've got th... 
Gallery: Paris-Roubaix tire tech: 

For the WorldTour's roughest roads, pro teams reach for wide tires with sp... 
Gallery: Technical preparation for Paris-Roubaix: 

Teams break out the best equipment for the most demanding ... 
Gallery: Yeti Cycles headquarters tour: 

Walk around the headquarters of one of mountain biking's most storie... 
Cycling world sounds off on Roubaix train controversy: Sunday's Paris-Roubaix was interrupted by a high-speed ... 
Schurter dominates, Batty sprints to claim wins at Bonelli US Cup: Emily Batty (Trek Factory Racing) outsprint... 
Spotted: Trek hardtail with decoupled rear end: The IsoSpeed decoupler system uses a sealed bearing to allow t... 
Video: GCN asks the pros, ‘Who’s the best classics rider of all-time?’: Global Cycling Network asks current pr... 
Late problems deflate Roubaix hopes for Sagan, Vanmarcke: Peter Sagan suffered some bad luck late in Sunday's ... 
French railway seeks legal action against Roubaix riders: Several riders got through a closing gate seconds be... 
Degenkolb, Kristoff lead peloton’s changing of the guard: John Degenkolb (right) and Alexander Kristoff finish... 
Mara Abbott, Phil Gaimon win overall at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera and Sebastian Haedo win the fin... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix: 

On a fast, dusty, warm day in northern France, a group of seven emerges from th... 
Pro Bike: Greg Van Avermaet’s podium BMC Granfondo RBX: 

Greg Van Avermaet rode BMC's Granfondo RBX to third ... 
Wiggins ends Sky career with guns blazing in Paris-Roubaix: Bradley Wiggins (Sky) went on the attack in the fi... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Roubaix: Seven riders enter the Roubaix velodrome, and a familiar face emerges as the fast... 
From Sanremo to Roubaix, Degenkolb makes history: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) spent much of 2014 rueing his... 
Degenkolb wins Paris-Roubaix from 7-rider sprint: John Degenkolb (Giant-Alpecin) earned his second monument wi... 
Roubaix Riders have near-miss with TGV: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
High-speed French ... 
Brendan Rhim takes Redlands Crit as race leader Phil Gaimon crashes: Brendan Rhim wins out of a break as a cra... 
Gallery: Mechanics prepare for Paris-Roubaix: 

Mechanics keep the pro peloton moving, and the preparation for... 
Coryn Rivera wins stage-4 criterium at Redlands Bicycle Classic: Coryn Rivera takes the flowers as UnitedHealt... 
Two winners lay out what it takes to prevail at Paris-Roubaix: Servais Knaven wins the 2001 Paris-Roubaix. Pho... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta a Pais Vasco, stage 6: Results from the sixth and final stage of the 2015 Vuelta a Pais V... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Kristoff stays aero for Roubaix: 

Alexander Kristoff is sticking with his aero bike for the... 
Joaquim Rodriguez takes title at 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco: Joaquim Rodriguez won the Vuelta a Pais Vasco on S... 
Paris-Roubaix: By the numbers: 

 Any race is a tale of the tape. Here is Paris-Roubaix, by the numbers
The po... 
Peter Stetina likely sidelined for months following surgery: It will be a good long while before Peter Stetina... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Roubaix course recon: 

Tension mounts as riders, teams, and mechanics prepare all the fin... 
Gaimon and Abbott snatch Redlands lead on stage 3: Phil Gaimon and Mara Abbott catapulted to the front of thei... 
Video: Cannondale-Garmin Roubaix recon with telemetry: Ride along with Cannondale-Garmin as the team previews ... 
Video: Wiggins looks ahead to Roubaix: 

Bradley Wiggins says his odds are even better at this year's Paris-Ro... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: 

Henao and Rodriguez again go head-to-head on the climbs, but re... 
Etixx not giving up on cobbled classics with Roubaix on the horizon: Etixx-Quick-Step tested out the pavé ahea... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 5: The peloton faces brutally steep climbs in the penultimate day of... 
‘Hell of the North’ set for epic battle across the pave: The Paris-Roubaix field is more open this year than i... 
Mikel Landa attacks steep climbs to win Pais Vasco stage 5: Mikel Landa (Astana) blasted up the steep final cl... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Paris-Roubaix: Niki Terpstra gave it everything in that final push to the Roubaix... 
Week in Tech: Zipp tubeless wheels, Strava money, and more: The Zipp 30 Course aluminum wheels are a great wid... 
Kristoff downplays chances of winning on the Paris-Roubaix pave: Alexander Kristoff and his teammates previewe... 
Gallery: Looking back on Wiggins’ diverse road career: 

Bradley Wiggins is closing out his professional road ... 
Shaw and Zirbel win Redlands Big Bear TT: Ryan Roth (Silber) took over the GC lead on Thursday in the Redlands... 
Video: Roubaix Recon with BMC’s Daniel Oss: POV footage of Daniel Oss and Team BMC's Paris-Roubaix recon ride.... 
U.S. government blocks Armstrong-Landis settlement: Much is at stake for the U.S. government in the case again... 
Lars Boom aims to go supersonic at Roubaix: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de France last summe... 
Video: Slow-motion on the Paris-Roubaix cobblestones: Take a slow-motion look at the cobblestones of Paris-Rou... 
2015 Giro d’Italia by the numbers: The Giro d'Italia will again kick off with a team time trial, this time alo... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4: 

More action in Spain's Basque mountains, as a small group of GC... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 4: Henao holds onto overall lead as Rodriguez racks up another win i... 
Sep Vanmarcke: ‘Bad moments come and go’: On Thursday, Sep Vanmarcke (LottoNL-Jumbo) was out training on the P... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Trail bikes: 

Here are five of the toughest bikes for tackling the steepest, most technic... 
Matt Brammeier wins his weight in beer at Ronde: Matt Brammeier got into the break at Ronde van Vlaanderen for... 
Pro Bike: Ruben Zepuntke’s Roubaix Cannondale Synapse: 

Huge tubulars and long-reach brakes on a Paris-Roubai... 
Two in a row for Rodriguez at Pais Vasco: Joaquim Rodriguez doubles up, winning his second day in a row at Vue... 
Cheatsheet: Riding the Paris-Roubaix cobbles: The Trouée d’Arenberg is full of holes and dips, so crashes are ... 
Ask a Mechanic: Mixing brake levers and calipers: 

Art's Cyclery explains the compatibility of new and old Sh... 
Into the deep end, BMC’s Rosskopf keeping head above water: In his first year in the big leagues, Joey Rosskop... 
Jackson and Haedo win stage 1 of Redlands Bicycle Classic: Sebastian Haedo (Jamis-Hagens Berman) won the first... 
Erica Greif killed in car crash on way to Redlands Bicycle Classic: Promising young rider dead on Tuesday afte... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Mountain bike shoes: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Five top off-road shoes ... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: 

An explosive finale in Vuelta al Pais Vasco leads to an excitin... 
Kittel’s ‘slow’ recovery and road to Tour: Marcel Kittel (Giant-Alpecin) has had a tough run in the first few ... 
Gallery: 2015 Scheldeprijs: 

Belgium's sprinter-friendly semi-classic is disrupted by a crash in the final ki... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 3: The general classification picture begins to come into focus as R... 
Results: 2015 Scheldeprijs: Alexander Kristoff emerges victorious yet again in Belgium, this time in a hairy f... 
Tanner Putt rides breakaway into first Paris-Roubaix start: Tanner Putt jumped into the breakaway at Scheldepr... 
Rodriguez opens his account at stage 3 of Pais Vasco: 

Joaquim Rodriguez sprints to win from a trio of GC con... 
Kristoff can’t be stopped at Scheldeprijs: Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) cut a familiar figure at the front of ... 
Knaven’s Roubaix winner: A bike too good to wash: Knaven's bike is now on display in the Amsterdam Rapha store... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Road jackets: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Stay warm and dry on the road w... 
Reviewed: WattBike Pro: The WattBike comes at a steep price, but it offers a wealth of data measurements to th... 
The 27 cobblestone sectors of Paris-Roubaix: The stage is set for Sunday's Paris-Roubaix, the Queen of the Cla... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road gear: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
All of the best gear femal... 
Video: Three ways to fix squealing disc brakes: Global Mountain Bike Network has three simple fixes to help yo... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2: 

Stage 2 offered six categorized climbs and a surprise winner fr... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 2: Fabio Felline claims the sprint in Pais Vasco's second stage as M... 
Video: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies gears up for TTT: The Optum women's team is confident its team chemistry... 
Sky regroups before Wiggins’ swan song in Roubaix: Bradley Wiggins will ride off into the sunset after Sunday'... 
Felline is fabulous in Pais Vasco stage 2 sprint: Fabio Felline freelances his way to a stage win in Spain, as... 
Technical FAQ: Road discs and tire pressure on wide road rims: Lennard Zinn considers whether higher pressure ... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo looks ahead to Roubaix: What makes the cobblestones of Roubaix so special? Bell helmets t... 
CPA initiates rider protest following Pais Vasco crash: Peter Stetina (BMC) was seriously injured in the finis... 
Despite banged-up nose, Vandenbergh set to race Roubaix: Belgian Stijn Vandenbergh could be a wildcard favorit... 
Kristoff headlines Scheldeprijs without Cavendish, Kittel: Alexander Kristoff enters Wednesday's Scheldeprijs ... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: 

BrakeThrough Media documents the Tour of Flanders, from the start at... 
Pro Bike Gallery: Stijn Devolder’s Trek Domane 6-Series: 

Have a look at the Trek Domane 6-Series ridden by S... 
Analysis: The Winners and Losers of the 99th Ronde van Vlaanderen: Without question, Niki Terpstra (Etixx-Quic... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: High-speed data: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Want to make your next ride ... 
Stetina seriously injured in crash at Pais Vasco: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
American... 
Eleven teams confirmed for women’s Tour of Utah: The 2014 Tour of Utah Women's Edition podium. From left: Mand... 
VeloNews partners with Cognoscenti for USA Pro Challenge tour: Cognoscenti will show riders the best roads in ... 
Gallery: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: 

Michael Matthews ends the day in the yellow jersey after sprint... 
Etixx-Quick-Step with little to celebrate in cobbled classics: The pressure has been on Etixx-Quick-Step's Zde... 
Results: 2015 Vuelta al Pais Vasco, stage 1: Aussie Michael Matthews sprints his way into the first leader's j... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Workhorse/race road: 

These bikes are made to be ridden hard and put away wet, whether yo... 
Matthews sprints to stage 1 win in Pais Vasco: Aussie speedster Michael Matthews survives climbs and sprints t... 
Photo Essay: Women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen: 

The women’s Ronde van Vlaanderen delivers action and excitement, ... 
After Flanders flop, Sagan, Vanmarcke banking on Roubaix rebound: Again, Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) did not fi... 
Video: On-board footage at the Tour of Flanders: 

Check out the Tour of Flanders from a different perspective... 
Gallery: 2015 Ronde van Vlaanderen: 

Canny Alexander Kristoff rides to the front with Niki Terpstra and deliv... 
Elisa Longo Borghini finds redemption in Flanders win: Elisa Longo Borghini smiled as she phoned her family to... 
Boof! Everyone agrees Kristoff was strongest at Flanders: 

Alexander Kristoff left no doubts about who was th... 
Neutral service cars take out two riders at Tour of Flanders: Shimano neutral service after an incident-filled... 
Pro Bike Gallery: John Degenkolb’s Giant TCR Advanced SL: Degenkolb's father, Frank, surprised his son with th... 
Alexander Kristoff takes the flowers in a sunny Tour of Flanders: Alexander Kristoff wins the 2015 Tour of Fla... 
Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders: Results from the 2015 Tour of Flanders
The post Results: 2015 Tour of Flanders... 
Elisa Longo Borghini wins women’s Tour of Flanders: Elisa Longo Borghini celebrates after winning the 12th wom... 
Stefan Kung solos to victory in Volta Limburg Classic: Stefan Küng said he was thinking about his runner-up fi... 
Angel Vicioso wins 3rd GP Miguel Indurain: Katusha's Angel Vicioso won a third GP Miguel Indurain on Saturday.... 
Nairo Quintana tops list of favorites for Vuelta a Pais Vasco: Nairo Quintana had a solid spring season in 201... 
Bradley Wiggins hopes Geraint Thomas works magic at Flanders: Bradley Wiggins is prouder than ever to sport th... 
Pro Bike: Alexander Kristoff’s Canyon Aeroad CF SLX: 

The sleek aero road bike that Alexander Kristoff (Katus... 
‘Super G’ Thomas leads Sky into Ronde full of confidence: Geraint Thomas rode to victory in E3 Harelbeke on Ma... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Mountain bike hardtails: 

Kick it old school with these three modern versions of the trus... 
Flanders preview: Generational shift in wide-open Ronde: Without its two perennial favorites, Sunday's Tour of... 
‘Sphinx’ Sagan under pressure to deliver big win at Flanders: Peter Sagan hopes to be in the winning move at F... 
Nibali: ‘Astana is a symbol of clean and honest sport’: Vincenzo Nibali wrote to the UCI, asking the governing... 
Double Dutch: Stevens, Guarnier at home with Boels-Dolmans: Evelyn Stevens (left) and Megan Guarnier joined Bo... 
Steven de Jongh promoted after Tinkoff sacks Riis: Steven de Jongh will manage the group of sport directors at... 
Sky to ride Pinarello with suspension for cobblestones: The rear shock is said to offer 10mm of compliance for... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: MTB jackets: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Don't leave home without a relia... 
Astana meets UCI License Commission in effort to keep WorldTour spot: The fate of Astana's WorldTour license i... 
Horner confirmed to race Azerbaidjan: Chris Horner will lead the Airgas-Safeway team as it heads overseas in M... 
Wiggins time trials to win in rainbow jersey ahead of Roubaix: After a strong showing in the final TT at De Pa... 
2015 Criterium du Dauphine route announced: Andrew Talansky (Cannondale-Garmin) rode to overall victory in the... 
Gallery: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stages 3a and 3b: 

In Thursday's split stage, the Norwegian dominated,... 
Results: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3b: Wiggins takes home first TT win wearing rainbow jersey a... 
Video: GCN’s 10 riders to watch in Flanders: Global Cycling Network names the 10 riders to watch at Ronde van ... 
Kristoff wins Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde: Bradley Wiggins (Sky) won the final time trial in De Panne, his fi... 
Q&amp;A with Renaat Schotte: The eyes and ears of Sporza: Renaat Schotte speaking to Tom Boonen in Compiegne befor... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 3a: Results from stage 3a at the Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde in ... 
Ask a Mechanic: Converting a road bike for dirt rides: 

Art's Cyclery goes over some of the tweaks you can ma... 
Astana betting on Boom to deliver big bang in the classics: Lars Boom won the cobbled stage 5 at the Tour de F... 
Kristoff stays perfect at De Panne with stage 3a win: Alexander Kristoff (right) earned a close victory Thursd... 
On top form, van Garderen looking for more luck: Tejay van Garderen hopes luck will be on his side this season... 
Video: How to improve your efficiency: GCN has four tips to improve your efficiency while on the bike.
Global ... 
Ronde van Vlaanderen to feature onboard camera footage: Onboard cameras provided a new dimension to the finish... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 2: 

It's Kristoff again in De Panne, as the Norwegian sprin... 
Gallery: Boonen, Etixx-Quick-Step preview Flanders course: 

Tom Boonen joins his Etixx teammates to train on ... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 2: Kristoff wins second stage in a row and extends his lead in th... 
Wiggins riding to the numbers for Roubaix: Bradley Wiggins (Sky) is hoping his hard work and attention to deta... 
Kristoff, Paolini give Katusha one-two punch for Flanders: Luca Paolini and Alexander Kristoff have been Katus... 
Alexander Kristoff goes two-for-two at De Panne: Alexander Kristoff (Katusha) won a long-range sprint, wearing... 
CIRC report to become major motion picture: Dreamworks has already begun work on an as-of-yet unnamed account ... 
Campagnolo CEO: ‘We will never make a disc brake’: Speaking to journalists in Italy this week, Valentino Campa... 
Women’s Cycling: The path to parity: The Tour de France held its first ever La Course last summer. Photo: Tim ... 
Putin nationalizes Tinkoff-Saxo, eyes Katusha: Vladimir Putin has already been spotted training with the Tinko... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Peyresourde (Luchon): The Col Collective climbs the Col de Peyresourde from t... 
Gallery: 2015 Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: 

Kristoff rules the first day in De Panne, riding his wa... 
Results: Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde, stage 1: Katusha's Alexander Kristoff takes the first day of racing in ... 
Dowsett set to take on hour record May 2: Alex Dowsett (Movistar) has set a new date to attempt the hour recor... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: 

This edition of Gent-Wevelgem offered plenty of rainy, windy action. Only t... 
In the News: Italian federation chief criticizes UCI over Astana case: UCI president Brian Cookson is under in... 
Contador to confront Giro-Tour double without Riis as Tinkov blasts Dane: Alberto Contador and Bjarne Riis' fo... 
Kristoff commands GC lead at De Panne after stage 1 win: Alexander Kristoff bridges up to the breakaway then o... 
Technical FAQ: Shifting problems and cog spacing: Good shifting is only as good as how a drivetrain is set up,... 
USA Pro Challenge announces women’s race for 2015: The USA Pro Challenge returns to Colorado this summer with ... 
Oakley launches Jawbreaker sunglasses, co-developed by Cavendish: The Oakley Jawbreakers are larger than the a... 
Sponsor: Boonen targets Paris-Roubaix for return from injury: Tom Boonen wants to race Paris-Roubaix in two we... 
UnitedHealthcare enjoys success at home and abroad: The UnitedHealthcare women's criterium squad delivered a d... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Lust: 

Looking for the most striking bike on the road? You'll lust after these four bikes... 
Video: What’s faster? Hardtail? Full-suspension?: Global Mountain Bike Network compares three different bikes ... 
Wiggins hopes to bounce back at Driedaagse De Panne-Koksijde: Bradley Wiggins (Sky) suffered through 100km of ... 
Wind like never before in Belgium’s Gent-Wevelgem classic: Sunday's Gent-Wevelgem saw scenes of incredible car... 
Carmen Small Journal: Unsung heroes: Although athletes are often alone when they hop on the bike, their suppor... 
Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda: The post Sign up to win a Trek Project One Emonda appeared first on ... 
Astana promises CAS appeal as battle with UCI heats up: Vincenzo Nibali's defense of his 2014 Tour de France w... 
Geraint Thomas takes the reins ahead of Flanders, Roubaix: Geraint Thomas hopes to master the cobbles the next... 
Experience earns Paolini a big prize in merciless Gent-Wevelgem: Luca Paolini relied on his experience and rac... 
Gallery: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: 

Paolini's brilliant attack in the final kilometers of rainy racing wins the day... 
Tinkoff-Saxo, Bjarne Riis part ways: The party's over: Oleg Tinkov (left) and Bjarne Riis have parted ways. Ph... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 3: Results from the 2015 Criterium International
The post Results... 
Results: 2015 Gent-Wevelgem: Results from the 2015 edition of Gent-Wevelgem
The post Results: 2015 Gent-Wevelg... 
Luca Paolini overpowers his rivals and the weather to win Gent-Wevelgem: Luca Paolini kicked with 6km to go an... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 7: 

Alejandro Valverde wins his third stage as Volta a Catalunya concl... 
Jean-Christophe Peraud repeats as Criterium International champ: Jean-Christophe Peraud repeated as champion o... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 7: Results from the final stage of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya
The post ... 
Richie Porte seals victory as Alejandro Valverde takes Catalunya finale: Richie Porte rode to victory on Sunda... 
Cannondale-Garmin picking up pieces after Langeveld exit: Dylan Van Baarle racing to the podium at E3 Harelbek... 
Sky’s classics campaign, already rolling, picks up speed with Bradley Wiggins: Bradley Wiggins was part of a s... 
Trek, Fabian Cancellara see their plans broken on the cobbles of E3 Harelbeke: Fabian Cancellara's crash knock... 
New world speed record on MTB: 138.75mph: Eric Barone broke the world speed record for bicycles in the Alps on... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 6: 

Sergei Chernetski snatches his first-ever WorldTour win in a sprin... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 2: Results from stage 2 of the 2015 Criterium International
The p... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 6: Resutls from stage 6 of the 2015 Volta a Catalunya
The post Results:... 
Fabio Felline wins ITT at Criterium International; Ben King holds lead: Ben King remained in yellow after stag... 
Sergei Chernetski wins stage 6 at Volta a Catalunya: Sergei Chernetski won stage 6 at the Volta a Catalunya on... 
Results: 2015 Criterium International, stage 1a: Results from the first stage of the 2015 Criterium Internatio... 
Photo Essay: 2015 E3 Harelbeke: 

Brakethrough Media captures the racing, emotions, crowds, and more as the pe... 
Ben King opens Criterium International with victory: Ben King takes his first international victory from a two... 
The Sagan star flickering: Aside from one victory at Tirreno-Adriatico, Tinkoff-Saxo's Peter Sagan has yet to ... 
Quintana’s cobblestone adventure ends safely with confidence for Tour: Tour favorite Nairo Quintana (Movistar)... 
Gallery: 2015 E3 Harelbeke: 

A wild and dangerous day in Flanders saw favorites Cancellara and Van Avermaet c... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 5: Alejandro Valverde (Movistar) attacked his way to win number two at ... 
From Wales to Flanders: ‘G’ gets his big win at Harelbeke: Geraint Thomas (Sky) was elated to win his first ma... 
Results: 2015 E3 Harelbeke: Geraint Thomas claims his first big spring classics win on Friday in Belgium with ... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 5: Valverde wins another stage in a punchy finale that sees Porte snatc... 
Thomas emerges victorious from crash-marred E3 Harelbeke: Geraint Thomas jumps Stybar and Sagan in the final f... 
Valverde wins again in Catalunya: Alejandro Valverde takes his second stage win in Volta a Catalunya, moving u... 
Specialized recalls 8,300 aero bars: Specialized is recalling aero bars sold along with the Shiv time trial bi... 
Aldag did not have ticket for doomed flight: Rolf Aldag was behind the wheel at E3 Harelbeke for Etixx-Quick-S... 
Racing without Boonen: Etixx-Quick-Step refits classics tactics without star: Zdenek Stybar is on great form c... 
Cancellara’s classics campaign in doubt after E3 Harelbeke crash: Less than one week after a disappointing run... 
Inside the mind of a champion: A chat with Georgia Gould: Georgia Gould, warming up before the 2012 Olympic cr... 
Stress Test: Specialized S-Works Road shoes: Tech reporter Logan VonBokel evaluates over a year's worth of rid... 
Utrecht marks 100 days to Tour de France start: In October, Tour de France director, Christian Prudhomme, and ... 
Q&amp;A: L’Eroica founder Brocci brings golden age of cycling to California: "L'Eroica means pedaling along periph... 
Video: The brutal crosswinds of Gent-Wevelgem: Bell Helmets talks to LottoNL-Jumbo about Gent-Wevelgem.
Bell H... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 4: 

With lots of climbing on the menu, the Catalunya GC gets shaken up... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 4: Van Garderen solos to first win of the season, and De Clercq vaults ... 
Problems still brewing in team Tinkoff-Saxo: Bjarne Riis (left) and team owner Oleg Tinkov (right) seem to be ... 
Van Garderen bounces back with stage 4 win in Catalunya: One day after a harrowing crash in Volta a Catalunya,... 
Abu Dhabi Tour announces four-stage race route: 

The inaugural Abu Dhabi Tour will feature four stages, one o... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Bib shorts: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
Take a seat with four comfortable... 
Ask a Mechanic: Straight pull vs. J-bend spokes: 

Art’s Cyclery breaks down the differences between these two... 
Veteran rider Bookwalter relishing new chances at BMC: Brent Bookwalter is currently in his eighth season with... 
Q&amp;A: Pinot building form into Criterium International: Thibault Pinot (FDJ) heads into Critérium International... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: 

Volta a Catalunya gets shaken up on a hard, hilly stage around Gir... 
Amy Pieters wins women’s Dwars door Vlaanderen: Amy Pieters won her second-consecutive Grote Prijs van Waregem... 
Philadelphia International Cycling Classic announces women’s teams: Evelyn Stevens (Boels Dolmans) has won two... 
Gallery: 2015 Dwars door Vlaanderen: 

Topsport-Vlaanderen Baloise plays team tactics to perfection to go one-... 
Results: 2015 Dwars door Vlaanderen: Topsport Vlaanderen-Baloise take first and second at Dwars door Vlaandere... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 3: Domenico Pozzovivo wins ahead of strong GC group, as Pierre Rolland ... 
Pozzovivo wins Catalunya stage 3 with solo attack: Domenico Pozzovivo (Ag2r La Mondiale) attacked late in stag... 
Wallays and Theuns go one-two at Dwars door Vlaanderen: Jelle Wallays makes a clever attack with one kilometer... 
Chad Haga Journal: A good day at the office: Haga got tangled with fellow American Ben King (Cannondale-Garmin... 
Video: How to boost your power on the bike: Global Cycling Network explains some basic training techniques tha... 
Trek Factory Racing ambitious to expand budget with new sponsors: Trek Factory Racing has built a solid founda... 
Andreu celebrates victory despite life being ‘destroyed’: Betsy and Frankie Andreu found themselves in Lance A... 
Video: Behind the scenes at Milano-Sanremo with John Degenkolb: 

Find out what it took for John Degenkolb to ... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 2: CCC Sprandi Polkowice worked to maintain its grasp on the overall le... 
Results: Volta a Catalunya, stage 2: Alejandro Valverde sprints to a win in Spain, and Paterski keeps the over... 
Mario Zorzoli reinstated as UCI doctor and scientific advisor: Mario Zorzoli was implicated in the latest test... 
Waregem and Harelbeke: A time to test for classics teams: Wednesday's Dwars door Vlaanderen and Friday's E3 Ha... 
Valverde sprints to victory in Catalunya’s stage 2: Alejandro Valverde comes out on top in hilly sprint finale... 
Buyer’s Guide: High roller: Photo: Brad Kaminski | 
If you want to make an impression, th... 
Technical FAQ: Wide gear ranges, mixing drivetrains, and more: Despite not being rated to do so, the Ultegra R... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: 

BrakeThrough Media rode with the peloton and documented the dramatic, 293k... 
Riis out at Tinkoff? Silence is deafening: Rumors are spreading that Tinkoff-Saxo team owner Oleg Tinkov (righ... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Women’s road bikes: 

Whether you're just starting out or hoping to climb the ranks in you... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Izoard (Briancon): The Col Collective tackles the Col d'Izoard from the Brian... 
Gallery: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 1: 

The breakaway gives the peloton the slip on day one of Volta a Cat... 
Results: 2015 Volta a Catalunya, stage 1: Paterski takes the win and the overall lead after a fruitful day in ... 
No more Meaux: Mo Bruno Roy retires from pro cyclocross: Mo Bruno Roy and Matt Roy were all smiles after Mo lo... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Aero road: 

When the chips are down, and its time to make the break, you need to cheat th... 
Paterski wins as breakaway succeeds in Catalunya: A three-man breakaway stays away on the opening day of Volta... 
The CIRC report: A missed opportunity: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Steve Maxwell and Joe Harri... 
Video: GCN’s guide to selecting gearing for your bike: Global Cycling Network explains how to choose the right... 
Rachel Neylan joins ORICA-AIS: Rachel Neylan won the Cadel Evans Great Ocean Road Race, confirming her return ... 
Porte moves on from stormy 2014, targets Giro d’Italia: Richie Porte rode to victory in Paris-Nice earlier thi... 
Kreuziger blasts delays in his doping case: Roman Kreuziger is still awaiting a hearing regarding his biologic... 
Degenkolb has his monumental day in Sanremo: John Degenkolb celebrated on the podium after winning Milano-Sanr... 
Nash and Cooper win U.S. Cup round two at Fontana: The Luna team took control of round two of the U.S. Cup, an... 
For John Degenkolb to shine in Sanremo, other stars had to fade: Luca Paolini worked incessantly in hopes of b... 
Gallery: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: John Degenkolb was delighted to win Milano-Sanremo. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Volta a Catalunya short of big climbs, but not big names: Wary of cancellations forced by bad weather, organiz... 
Results: 2015 Milano-Sanremo: Results from the 106th running of “La Classicissima," Milano-Sanremo, the first ... 
John Degenkolb wins 2015 Milano-Sanremo: John Degenkolb proved fastest of the survivors at the finish aof Mila... 
Iljo Keisse leads Etixx-Quick-Step sweep at Ronde van Zeeland Seaports: Iljo Keisse led an Etixx-Quick-Step sw... 
Alexis Gougeard wins Classic Loire Atlantique: Alexis Gougeard won the Classic Loire Atlantique with a late es... 
Video: Full recap of U.S. Cup round one in Bonelli Park: Watch racing action from last weekend's first round o... 
Etixx leads-out Meersman to Handzame victory: Gianni Meersman's Etixx-Quick-Step team controlled the race at t... 
Video: Fat bike carnage in Felt’s ‘Double Dare’: Felt tests the limits of its fat bike in "Double Dare."
Felt ... 
Swift dreaming of Milano-Sanremo glory: Ben Swift rode to third place in the 2014 Milano-Sanremo, despite gett... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Full-suspension XC mountain bikes: 

Ready to tie on a number plate this summer? Here are ... 
MTN-Qhubeka punching above its weight in Sanremo: Gerald Ciolek rode to a surprise win in a weather-ravaged Mi... 
Week in Tech: Nuun’s non-profit work, a new GPS unit, and more: Lezyne, makers of fine tools, has entered the ... 
Vuelta a Espana invites teams for 2015 race: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Caja Rural, Cofidis, ... 
Van Garderen, BMC disappointed after Paris-Nice blunder: Tejay van Garderen said he didn't dress properly for ... 
Preview: Milano-Sanremo turns back the clock: Milano-Sanremo winds along the Mediterranean coast before finish... 
Velo Magazine — April 2015: The April 2015 issue of Velo magazine is now available.
This issue of Velo takes a... 
French/Slovenian group seeks sponsorship for WorldTour team: Photo: Tim De Waele | 
A Fre... 
Gerrans slated to return to racing at Pais Vasco: After missing out on wintertime racing in Australia with a b... 
Chad Haga Journal: Welcome to the WorldTour: The highlight of Chad Haga's Tirreno-Adriatico was his stage 3 br... 
2015 Buyer’s Guide: Endurance road: Stay comfortable on even the roughest roads with one of these six capable ... 
Video: What tire pressure is best for mountain biking?: Global Mountain Bike Network explains how to pick the ... 
Nizzolo claims sprint win at GP Nobili: Giacomo Nizzolo (Trek Factory Racing) celebrated his first win of 2015... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, highlights: 

Tirreno was full of drama as GC heads-of-state faced off in... 
Bardiani-CSF leads Italian cycling into a new era: Bardiani-CSF is a departure from the Italian super-teams of... 
In the News: SRAM single-ring road drivetrain coming soon?: The Specialized Venge Lunch Race is designed aroun... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Milano-Sanremo: 

Global Cycling Network breaks down the list of favorites at thi... 
Ask a Mechanic: Shimano 10-speed MTB on a budget: 

Art's Cyclery explains how to equip a mountain bike on a b... 
Nibali looking to ‘drop dead weight’ after Tirreno-Adriatico: Vincenzo Nibali said he is satisfied with how he... 
USA Cycling announces 2015 professional road nationals courses: Like in the past two editions of pro road nati... 
Tinkoff-Saxo builds Sanremo team around Sagan: Peter Sagan's win at Tirreno-Adriatico was just what the young ... 
In the News: Nys says all TUEs should be banned: Former world cyclocross champion Sven Nys spoke out against t... 
RockShox launches new, wider suspension standard: 

RockShox joins Trek, Fox in offering wider hub platforms i... 
Gallery: Titanium creations from Moonmen Bikes: 

A new, small titanium builder on the handbuilt scene, Moonme... 
Cavendish uncertain ahead of Sanremo: Mark Cavendish is hoping to win a second Milano-Sanremo this weekend, bu... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, organic bikes: 

Wood you like to see some different kinds of bikes? These builders showe... 
Boeckmans wins Nokere Koerse in cobbled sprint: Kris Boeckmans continues his winning ways with a sprint victor... 
Matthews, Lobato lead ‘outsiders’ list at Milano-Sanremo: With a win in stage 3 of Paris-Nice under his belt, ... 
Video: How to build endurance with limited training time: 

If you're short on time, but need to prepare for a... 
In the News: Armstrong meets with Tygart: Travis Tygart made a name for himself by exposing the doping practic... 
Martin looks ahead to Volta a Catalunya, Ardennes Classics: Dan Martin is focusing on the spring races after a... 
Colombian climber Quintana is king at Tirreno-Adriatico: The Colombian showcases his fighting spirit by winnin... 
Tour of Britain announces 2015 route: Dylan van Baarle (Cannondale-Garmin) won the 2014 edition of the Tour of... 
Technical FAQ: Shimano 11-speed front derailleur cable setup: Cross-chaining big-to-big with a FD-5800 (11-spe... 
Cancellara’s spiritual moment key with Sanremo and classics looming: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) h... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 7: 

In what was billed as an early-season battle of the GC stars, Quin... 
Video: LottoNL-Jumbo on Milano-Sanremo: LottoNL-Jumbo talks about what makes Milano-Sanremo so difficult.
Lott... 
Cancellara gets revenge in final Tirreno TT, Quintana confirms GC: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) won... 
Powertap launches pedal- and chainring-based power measurement: The P1 pedals measure power using vector force... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, display stands: 

Companies and shops used a variety of methods to showcase their bikes a... 
Legally Speaking with Bob Mionske: Riding with video cameras: Footage from an on-board video camera can be a g... 
Cookson: Armstrong’s charity Tour de France ride ‘disrespectful’: Lance Armstrong plans to return to the Tour ... 
Uran realistic about Tirreno TT, enthusiastic about Giro’s: Rigoberto Uran (Etixx-Quick-Step) lost some time o... 
After Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 victory, is Sagan under pressure to win more?: Peter Sagan (left) charged to t... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 6: 

Scenes from the rain-soaked Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6 from Rieti t... 
Peter Sagan sprints to his first win of 2015 in Tirreno-Adriatico stage 6: With Milano-Sanremo around the corn... 
Video: Col Collective descends the Passo Gavia: 

Hitch a ride with the Col Collective as Mike Cotty navigates... 
Terminillo blizzard at Tirreno-Adriatico reignites weather debate: Snow blanketed bikes, cars, and riders at t... 
Reijnen is king of the mountain at Tour de Langkawi: Kiel Reijnen won the king of the mountains classification... 
Video: Col Collective climbs the Passo Gavia: 

The Col Collective takes us up the Passo Gavia from Bornio, wh... 
With poor form and a troubled team, Vincenzo Nibali is neither saying nor doing much: Vincenzo Nibali doesn't ... 
In the News: Guess who’s coming back to the Tour (kind of)?: Lance Armstrong reportedly has agreed to join por... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 5: Nairo Quintana didn't beat the snow home, but he beat everyone else.... 
Nairo Quintana puts other favorites on ice at Terminillo: Gorilla in the mist? No, just the powerful climber N... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7: Richie Porte was on a mission to retake lost time, and he succeeded. Photo:... 
Nairo Quintana climbs through snow to lead Tirreno-Adriatico: Nairo Quintana is the new leader of Tirreno-Adri... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 7: Results from the seventh and final stage of the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Re... 
Richie Porte wins final ITT to take Paris-Nice title: Richie Porte en route to winning the final stage and the... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: 

Photo: Tim De Waele | 
The post Gallery: 2015 Paris-... 
Battle of the grand-tour stars slated Sunday on Terminillo: Alberto Contador may be the man to watch as Tirren... 
Wout Poels’ win confirms Sky no longer a one-trick pony: Wouter Poels is only the latest Sky rider to be spray... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 6: Results from stage 6 of the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Results: 2015 Paris-Ni... 
Gallery: 2014 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 4: Wouter Poels heads for the finish line. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWspo... 
Jolien D’hoore claims 2015 women’s World Cup kickoff: Belgian road champion Jolien D’hoore wins the Ronde van ... 
Tony Gallopin leads Paris-Nice after stage-6 victory: Tony Gallopin takes stage 6 and the overall lead with on... 
Wouter Poels takes stage 4, overall lead at 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico: Wouter Poels took stage 4 and the overall ... 
Youcef Reguigui takes lead at 2015 Tour de Langkawi: Youcef Reguigui roars to the stage win and the overall le... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 3: There was some bumping and jostling for position coming into the fin... 
Gallery: Paris-Nice, stage 5: Thomas De Gendt kept the pace high. shedding the other riders in the break one b... 
Natnael Berhane in driver’s seat for GC result at Tour de Langkawi: With only sprinter Caleb Ewan ahead of him... 
2015 Paris Nice - Stage 5 - Finish: 
I just made a new Group on Vimeo: World Cycling Network 
I just added "2015 Paris Nice - Video Teaser - 1 prologue and 7 stages" to World Cycling... 
I just added "World Cycling Network" to World Cycling Network: 
Van Avermaet’s Tirreno timing just right with classics ahead: Greg Van Avermaet outmatched other familiar clas... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 5: 1. Davide CIMOLAI, LAMPRE – MERIDA, in 4:12:09 2. Bryan COQUARD, TEAM EUROP... 
Cimolai takes Paris-Nice stage 5 after De Gendt caught inside final kilometer: Davide Cimolai narrowly wins ah... 
Van Avermaet wins Tirreno-Adriatico stage 3, takes race lead: The Belgian wins stage 3, which ended in an uphi... 
UCI announces anti-doping measures in response to CIRC: UCI president Brian Cookson says the CIRC report makes... 
Cancellara’s improving sprint bolstering hopes for classics: Fabian Cancellara rides into the spring classics ... 
Ewan grabs Langkawi stage 6 win, extends GC lead: Caleb Ewan holds a 27-second lead in the GC standings at the... 
2015 Paris Nice - Stage 4 - Final Kilometers: 
2015 Paris Nice - Stage 3 - Final Kilometres: 
2015 Paris Nice - Stage 2 - Highlights: 
Video: GCN’s top-10 beards in pro cycling: Global Cycling Network picks its 10 favorite beards in the pro pelo... 
Sagan short on words and results ahead of classics: Although Peter Sagan (Tinkoff-Saxo) holds the white jersey... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 2: 

Crash causes chaos in the sprint of the first road stage of Tirren... 
Rowney taken out by spectator in Drenthe finish: Velocio-SRAM's Loren Rowney suffers a crash at the finish aft... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: Sky soars to the top of stage 4 in France as Michal Kwiatkowski reclaims th... 
Galley: 2015 NAHBS, Road and Track Bikes: 

The handmade bike show had a plethora of beautiful bikes for road ... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 4: 

Sky goes one-two in Paris-Nice's first climbing stage, and Kwiatkowski re... 
Team Sky begins GC hunt atop Frasier’s Hill at Tour de Langkawi: Team Sky is looking forward to Saturday's cli... 
Stybar pumped for classics following Strade Bianche ride: Zdenek Stybar (Etixx-Quick-Step) savored the champag... 
Jens Debusschere wins hectic Tirreno stage 2 sprint: Jens Debusschere (Lotto-Soudal) timed his move perfectly ... 
Porte climbs to stage 4 win at Paris-Nice: Team Sky's Richie Porte and Geraint Thomas put the wood to Paris-Ni... 
Ask a Mechanic: Setting up Shimano direct mount brakes: 

Art's Cyclery demonstrates how to set up and adjust ... 
Seo Joon Yong takes Tour de Langkawi stage 5: Seo Joon Yong assumed a time trial position at the end of the To... 
Connect with me on Myspace. 
Anger, frustration permeates peloton in wake of CIRC report: Riders in the pro peloton see the findings of UCI... 
Malori not quite king, but wants to take the crown: Adriano Malori (Movistar)  wants to become the next king o... 
Gallery: 2015 Tirreno-Adriatico, stage 1: 

Italian Adriano Malori wins the Tirreno-Adriatico opener, claiming... 
Night moves: Anti-doping authorities seek expanded testing hours: Former professional and ex-doper David Milla... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: 

On a punchy sprint finish tailor-made for Michael Matthews, Orica-GreenEd... 
Gerrans’ spring classics campaign ‘up in the air’: After missing out on wintertime racing in Australia with a ... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 3: Michael Matthews snags the overall lead in Paris-Nice after winning a punch... 
Malori wins first individual test at Tirreno-Adriatico: Adriano Malori (Movistar) celebrated his second time t... 
Matthews sprints into overall lead at Paris-Nice: Michael Matthews claims his first win of the season in stage... 
Gallery: Hincapie Racing Team training camp: Spring riding often means gray weather and boney trees. Regardles... 
Guardini seizes stage 4 win at Tour de Langkawi: Andrea Guardini claimed his 17th career stage win at the Tour... 
Gallery: Knobby tires and gravel bikes at NAHBS 2015: 

Check out some of these two-wheeled workhorses on the ... 
Video: Pro bikes in the women’s peloton: Global Cycling Network takes a look at the bikes of the women's pro p... 
Pre-race favorites talk Tirreno: Tirreno-Adriatico favorites Sagan, Contador, Nibali, Uran, and Cancellara are... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: 

Tuesday's Paris-Nice stage starts out with a bit of rain and ends with a ... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: Kwiatkowski keeps the yellow jersey as Degenkolb moves up in the overall wi... 
Cancellara: ‘Pity about Boonen’s crash’: Fabian Cancellara (Trek Factory Racing) and Tom Boonen (Etixx-Quick-S... 
UnitedHealthcare patches up Reijnen for KOM bid in Langkawi: Kiel Reijnen's (UnitedHealthcare) breakaway heroi... 
Gustav Larsson will go for hour record on March 14: Gustav Larsson (Cult Energy) will take a run at the hour r... 
Contador confirms he collaborated with CIRC; other Tirreno stars focused on race: At Tuesday's Tirreno-Adriati... 
Cookson will press Verbruggen to vacate honorary UCI presidency: Hein Verbruggen still holds the title of hono... 
Technical FAQ: 10- and 11-speed drivetrain component compatibility: Can 11-speed upgrades work with other 10-s... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Strade Bianche, women: Megan Guarnier took a clean solo win at the first ever Strade Bianche... 
Ag2r’s Lloyd Mondory positive for EPO: Lloyd Mondory (Ag2r-La Mondiale) has tested positive for EPO and faces ... 
Boonen will undergo shoulder surgery Wednesday: Tom Boonen's Paris-Nice came to an end after a crash in stage ... 
Lotto-Soudal delivers Greipel to stage 2 win at Paris-Nice: German champion André Greipel sprints to his first... 
Froome or no, star-studded Tirreno-Adriatico should be wild ride: Set to face off against a collection of othe... 
Contador staying at Tinkoff-Saxo for 2016: Alberto Contador got his first stage win of 2015 on the stage 3 mou... 
Third time’s the charm for Ewan at Tour de Langkawi: Caleb Ewan (Orica-GreenEdge) claimed his first win at Tou... 
In the News: Patrick Gaudy killed by truck in training crash: 

The 38-year-old cyclocross racer was killed on... 
Cookson remains cool on Armstrong ban reduction: Although Lance Armstrong provided extensive testimony to the ... 
Longo not among fatalities in Argentinean helicopter accident: French cycling legend Jeannie Longo, flanked by... 
2015 Paris Nice - Stage 1 - Highlights: 
ASO names wildcards for Ardennes classics: Simon Gerrans was triumphant at the 2014 edition of Liège–Bastogne–... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 1: Kwiatkowski keeps overall race lead as Kristoff sprints to his first-ever P... 
Lampre-Merida withdraws from MPCC: Diego Ulissi was at the center of Lampre-Merida's decision to leave the Mov... 
Gallery: 2015 NAHBS, best in show: 

The top framebuilders and fabricators in the bike world gather in Louisvi... 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, stage 2: 

A breakaway duo comes close, but the sprinters' teams pull the race back ... 
Reporter’s notebook: A CIRC half-full: Although the CIRC report contains many unsettling revelations, there ma... 
Strava launches Apple Watch application: The new Strava application will use a number of Apple Watch's feature... 
Boonen suffers shoulder sprain in Paris-Nice: Tom Boonen (Etixx-Quick-Step) crashed out of Paris-Nice on Monda... 
Tirreno-Adriatico TTT changed to ITT due to weather: Tirreno-Adriatico has scrapped its stage 1 team time tria... 
Photo Essay: 2015 Strade Bianche, men: 

Zdenek Stybar took one of the biggest road race victories of his care... 
Kristoff crushes Paris-Nice stage 2 sprint: Norwegian sprinter Alexander Kristoff freelances his way to his fi... 
Guardini grabs another stage win at Tour de Langkawi: Andrea Guardini edged Caleb Ewan for the second straight... 
CIRC report: Statement from Hein Verbruggen: Hein Verbruggen, right, shown with former UCI president Pat McQua... 
Cookson: Doping in cycling ‘still an endemic problem’: UCI President Brian Cookson thinks there's still a prob... 
Neo-pro Ewan in the spotlight at Tour de Langkawi: Caleb Ewan is looking for a win this week at the Tour de La... 
Kittel pulls out of Tirreno-Adriatico with virus: Marcel Kittel won't contest the sprints in Tirreno-Adriatico... 
‘Disappointed’ Froome to miss Tirreno-Adriatico with chest infection: Chris Froome kicked off his season last ... 
CIRC report: The reactions: Travis Tygart made a name for himself by exposing the doping practices of Lance Ar... 
CIRC report: List of interviews: By vesting extensive power in the office of the presidency, the UCI "created ... 
CIRC report: Cycling’s governance goes under the microscope: Hein Verbruggen and Pat McQuaid come under examin... 
UCI releases CIRC report into doping and governance: UCI president Brian Cookson says the CIRC report makes it... 
CIRC report: 20-90 percent of modern peloton still doping: Doping remains a serious issue in cycling, with est... 
CIRC report: The full text: By vesting extensive power in the office of the presidency, the UCI "created an en... 
2015 Paris Nice - Prologue: 
Gallery: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue: Michal Kwiatkowski en route to winning the prologue by a whisker over Roha... 
Yves Lampaert cleans up at 2015 Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen: Yves Lampaert cleaned up on the final day of t... 
Results: 2015 Paris-Nice, prologue: Results from the prologue to the 2015 Paris-Nice
The post Results: 2015 Pa... 
Michal Kwiatkowski opens 2015 Paris-Nice with victory in prologue: Michal Kwiatkowski rode to victory on Sunda... 
Andrea Guardini wins kickoff to 2015 Tour de Langkawi: Andrea Guardini adds to his victory tally, winning stag... 
Gallery: 2015 Strade Bianche: It was a windy, dusty day at the Strade Bianche. Photo: Tim De Waele | TDWsport.... 
Yves Lampaert wins stage, takes lead in Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen: Yves Lampaert takes the victory in sta... 
Results: 2015 Strade Bianche: Results from the 2015 Strade Bianche
The post Results: 2015 Strade Bianche appea... 
Zdenek Stybar dusts them all at Strade Bianche: Zdenek Stybar overpowered Greg Van Avermaet and Alejandro Valv... 
Megan Guarnier takes 1st women’s Strade Bianche in solo breakaway: American Megan Guarnier attacks a lead grou... 
Bombshell or a dud? CIRC report due Monday: The UCI, under its President Brian Cookson, will release the Cycli... 
Tour of the Gila in jeopardy of cancellation: A title sponsor has had to pull its investment from the 2015 Tou... 
MTN-Qhubeka has high hopes ahead of Tour de France debut: Norwegian Edvald Boasson Hagen bolstered the MTN squ... 
Hesjedal resumes march to Giro at Strade Bianche: Ryder Hesjedal has a busy early-season schedule ahead of the... 
Anton Vorobyev wins Driedaagse van West-Vlaanderen prologue: Russian time trial specialist Anton Vorobyev ride... 
Zipp unveils thru-axle 202 and 303 wheels: The new 77-177D hub eliminates the option to adjust the bearing pre... 
Preview: Strade Bianche promises to be a strongman’s race: Moreno Moser won in Siena two years ago, and he'll ... 
ASO adds partner to improve Tour de France viewing experience: Dimension Data will be used to improve the view... 
Contador, Sagan link up for first time at Tirreno-Adriatico: Alberto Contador and Peter Sagan now wear the sam... 
Preview: Women’s Strade Bianche rides into the unknown: The Strade Bianche's scenery is stunning, and its hill... 
Uran says he ‘loves’ Giro’s stage 14 TT course: Rigoberto Uran won the Giro's stage 12 individual time trial i... 
Video: 10 riders to watch at Tirreno-Adriatico: Global Cycling Network names 10 top riders to watch at Tirreno... 
Video: Col Collective rides the Col du Tourmalet: 

Mike Cotty takes us up the Col du Tourmalet, the climb use... 
UCI announces changes, modernization to Athletes’ Commission: UCI President Brian Cookson said "the Athletes’ ... 
Ask a Mechanic: Routing cable through handlebars: 

This week, Art's Cyclery shows us how to properly feed cab... 
Prime opportunities await sprinters, GC riders at Paris-Nice: Paris-Nice 2015 will offer a mountaintop finish ... 
Book Excerpt: Ned Overend on high-intensity training for masters: Ned Overend has more championship titles to ... 
Kreuziger faces difficult defense based on WADA and CAS history: If history is any guide, Roman Kreuziger face... 
Boeckmans beats the odds to win Le Samyn: Lotto-Soudal's Kris Boeckmans spoils Etixx-Quick-Step's party, jumpi... 
Merckx’s Axeon team feeds top talent to WorldTour: Axel Merckx met up with his father Eddy at the recent Tour ... 
Chantal Blaak wins women’s Le Samyn: Chantal Blaak (Boels-Dolmans) won the women's Le Samyn on Wednesday. Phot... 
Photo Essay: Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies in Portugal: 

American team Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies took o... 
Stress Test: Shimano Dura-Ace 9000 long-term review: The chainrings may be expensive, but they last quite long... 
Optum-Kelly Benefit Strategies starts season with wins on two continents: Mike Woods (Optum-Kelly Benefit Stra... 
2015 Tour de Langkawi - The Route: 
Gerrans returns at Strade Bianche: Simon Gerrans (Orica-GreenEdge) is ready to return to the peloton after mis... 
In the News: Woman dies after feedzone crash in Belgium: A 54-year-old woman is hit in a feedzone at a Sunday ... 
In the News: Wellens retires from professional cyclocross racing: Bart Wellens announced his retirement from p... 
Kevin de Weert says he’s not under investigation in ozone doping case: Kevin de Weert (LottoNL-Jumbo) is free ... 
Technical FAQ: Di2 options, hot brakes, and more: Disc brakes may not be the answer to solving hot brake issue... 
Wiggins to race Paris-Nice: Bradley Wiggins was part of a successful first outing for Team Sky in the 2015 cob... 
Sky nearing classics zenith with monuments approaching: Ian Stannard's teammates helped put him into position ... 
Specialized adds to saddle lineup with Power model: The Specialized Power saddle is designed for road racers a... 
Talansky headed to Paris-Nice with 2015 season built around Tour de France: Andrew Talansky in the new Cannond... 
Kuurne Brussels Kuurne - 2015 - Cavendish - On a cold, fresh morning the peloton regrouped on Sunday at the... 
Kuurne Brussels Kuurne - 2015 - Cavendish 
2015 Paris Nice - Video Teaser: 
Study: 103.7 million Americans ride bikes: Photo: Logan VonBokel | 
A new study indicates... 
2015 Paris Nice - Course Information: 
Roche understands Contador’s motivation to take on Giro-Tour double: Nicholas Roche admires former teammate Al... 
Video: On a cold, fresh morning the peloton regrouped on Sunday at the Kuurne Brussels Kuurne with the... 

Fairly ‘fitting in nicely’ at Giant-Alpecin: Caleb Fairly is looking forward to working for Giant-Alpecin's im... 
Schleck a scratch for Paris-Nice: Frank Schleck (Trek Factory Racing) will not start Paris-Nice due to an inju... 
World Cycling Network 
Contador, Froome, Nibali, and Quintana primed for Tirreno: Alberto Contador returns to Tirreno-Adriatico as th... 
Out of Africa: MTN-Qhubeka’s model may change pro cycling: MTN-Qhubeka has ridden its way into the European pe... 
Etixx’s hard lesson at Omloop pays dividends in Kuurne: Mark Cavendish sprinted to victory in Sunday's Kuurne-... 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist 
Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne 2015 - Cavendish: 
Gallery: 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: The sprint unfolds. Photo: Tim De Waele | 
Tim De W... 
Samuel Dumoulin wins 2015 Drome Classic: Samuel Dumoulin won the Drome Classic on Sunday. Photo: Tim De Waele ... 
Results: 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: Results from the 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne
The post Results: 2015 Kuur... 
Mark Cavendish wins 2015 Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: Mark Cavendish prevailed in a chaotic finale at Kuurne-Brusse... 
Omloop Het Nieuwsblad 2015: 
Ian Stannard climbs out of that ditch and onto the podium: Ian Stannard was overjoyed to be winning again afte... 
Gallery: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Ian Stannard attacks in the finale of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: T... 
Results: 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Results from the 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad
The post Results: 2015 Omloop... 
Ian Stannard wins 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad: Ian Stannard does it again at the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad. Photo: ... 
Greg Van Avermaet under scrutiny in Mertens inquiry: Greg Van Avermaet, second at Omloop Het Nieuwsblad in 201... 
Chad Haga, Giant-Alpecin’s resident pianist: Chad Haga (Giant-Alpecin) is taking on his second season at the W... 
Video: What’s in a pro cyclist’s suitcase?: Global Cycling Network looks at the mountains of kit that Matti Br... 
Grand Prix of Portland pushed to 2016: 

After failing to lock in a sponsor to support the proposed UCI one-da... 
Kuurne-Brussels-Kuurne: Choose your own adventure: Tom Boonen (Omega Pharma-Quick Step) sprinted to victory in... 
In the News: Vaminolact infusions discovered in Meeusen’s camper: In addition to his suspicious links to Dr. C... 
UCI adjusts Richmond worlds courses, announces schedule: Adrien Costa and Alexey Vermeulen tested their legs o... 
Kessiakoff says Astana mistreatment cut career short: Fredrik Kessiakoff's tenure at Astana was marked by grea... 
Van Avermaet targets classics for ‘big win’: Greg Van Avermaet hopes to land on the top step of the podium thi... 
Book Excerpt: ‘Fast After 50′ offers high-intensity training advice: 

Joe Friel's new book is written for end... 
Harder authorizations for first-time wrongdoers and the pending CIRC report are certain to continue doping in the features amid the 2015
UCI requests withdrawal of Astana Pro Team license: The gloss of a Tour de France victory has worn off the Ast... 
Preview: Omloop Het Nieuwsblad favors opportunists: Ian Stannard outsprinted Greg Van Avermaet to take the vic... 
Ruta Del Sol 2015 - Stage 4 Race Report: 
Ruta Del Sol 2015 - Stage 5 Race Report: 
Ruta Del Sol 2015 - Stage 3 Race Report: 
Ruta Del Sol 2015 - Stage 2 Race Report: 
Tour Of Oman Stage 2 Hightlights: 
Tour Of Oman Stage 3 Hightlights: 
Tour Of Oman Stage 4 Highlights: 
Tour Of Oman Stage 6 Highlights: 
Tour Of Oman 2015 - Pre Race: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 1: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 2: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 3: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 4: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 5: 
Tour Of Qatar 2015 Stage 6: 
