Waiting for someone to say this to me.  

How do u do it?
Do u have superpowers?
Do u not value sleep?
I don't …
I think I should just give up!!
You promised to never leave me and yet now you have.
Eyes are so dark. Feel as if I'm a zombie.
Having your music coming through your headphones on full so you can't think.
Need to lose weight. Feel so shit about myself.
What if you've hurt yourself? 
I've been self harm free for just under three months now but this week has been really though and I'm trying to refrain but it's difficult.
I tried to be positive but now I feel hopeless. I don't have anything left in me and I hate it. I hate myself.
Really bad body image today so I put on my safe clothes but they're so big! I don't know what to do!
Sorry it's been so long, I've been trying to sort stuff out. It was going really well up until last week. Feel like Im back to square one.
I will be rising from the ground
Like a skyscraper <FLEXED BICEPS>
Feeling like total shit today.
Been a shit week. Had enough of everything.
I hate my life so much!
@DepresssedFreak You're welcome. Remember people do care about you!!

1. everybody get away from me

2. someone come over and cuddle and watch movies with me

there is no in …
@DepresssedFreak No you don't. I know you feel like you need to but you honestly don't. No one needs to die. So many people would miss you.
I just don't seem to be enjoying any food at all. I make myself eat but I just don't want to anymore
Yes I remember what you said last night, and I know that you see what you're doing to me. Tell me why.
All the pictures of food and peoples cuts are really triggering me tonight. Ugh
Not all anorexics eat &gt;300;
Not all bulimics use lax
Not all bulimics purge by vomiting.

Not ev…
 

I'm ready to disappear
I ate way too much today.
I've really had enough.
Wish my migraines would stop for once. I know they get worse when I don't eat but still...
Everyone is ill in college today. Looks like a short day :)
No pain no gain
I'm so bloody starved  :(
Been really upset and stressed lately. Just had a massive binge again :(
I feel so ill right now. It's not even 7 and I'm thinking about bed.
So fed up with everything.
Been feeling really down lately. Just want it over with.

no 

*gets back in bed*
I hate binges so much.
I've eaten way too much. Made myself ill
How am I ever going to tell you how I feel?
-ugly
-invisible
-unloved
-abandoned
-hurt
-useless
-worthless
-ashamed
-alone
-broken
-sad
-suicidal
Should I make myself sick or not?
How I always feel! 
I like when I can see my collar bone. 
I'm going to be fat forever
Hate myself! Hate myself! HATE MYSELF!!!!!
So fucking fat.
How do I expect to lose weight when I eat like I do.
Wish I was someone else.
What would you do if you knew who I was
Just want to sleep forever
I've had enough.
I wish I was thinner
Can't stop the tears from falling. Can't stop the thoughts in my head. Can't stop the voices talking.
If the hot chocolate didn't work then nothing will.
I made myself a hot chocolate with cream and marshmallows to try cheer me up and it didn't work.
Feeling so rubbish today
@dyingtobetiny okie dokie hunny. :) x
@dyingtobetiny I hope so. You know where I am if you need me. X
@dyingtobetiny I hope you're ok, no one deserves that. Always here if you need me. Stay strong beautiful x
Eaten too much. :( can't cope. Need to get rid of this!!
No one will ever understand what you're going through. Even if they are going through the same. Everyone's experience is different.
@Cuddless_tears Well done!! So happy for you! X
@Cuddless_tears There is!! It's nice to know people are here for me. X
@MikeyWax Thank you for the follow. Can't wait to hear some of your music!!
@Cuddless_tears Good luck hun. I believe in you and so proud no matter the result.
Good luck to anyone getting their GCSE results today. Proud of you all.
Feeling so god damn happy
@Cuddless_tears Thank you. Same here. Xx

My goal, I will get there..
Already have a cold, just making myself feel worse with all the food and mental torture :(
@NotThatPerfect_ Awwww, well I think you can beat it. I believe in you :) xx
Just want to keep losing weight not putting it on. I hate being so far.
I can't lay on my stomach anymore. It just doesn't like it. Clearly too heavy for it!!
@NotThatPerfect_ A week! That's amazing. Keep it up!! Always here if you need a chat. I'm ok thank you :) x
@NotThatPerfect_ Hey gorgeous, I know how you're feeling but don't. It doesn't make you feel any better. Trust me. Don't let the urges win!

 
@Cuddless_tears Nah I don't! But thank you. Hope you're doing ok :) x


Just had a massive binge. Feel so crap right now :'(
So sick of feeling like this!
Been such a bad with food :(



society: no not like that
I'm sorry but I'm the type of girl you can compliment and I won't believe you. But you say something mean I will remember forever.
@Cuddless_tears there is. I was feeling rubbish and you cheered me up :) x
You're stronger than you think. 


The only thing that stopped me last night was the fact that I have hospital today.



@RxHappyPills Hope this works!!

- depression/anxiety/EDs
- alcohol dependence
- self harmed 

or other mental conditions. I want to fol…
I have.. -mc 
When you see my face, hope it gives you hell!!!!
Just because it might be scratches, doesn't mean they don't harm themselves. Of course they do you inconsiderate man.
I really like this. 
Yeah basically 
Had enough
Hate life
Hate myself
@Cuddless_tears thank you. You too x
Your whole life waiting on the ring to prove you're not alone…
Everyone can just piss off and leave me alone
Off to work!! Joy of joys
Did my Pilates tonight. Feeling better!!
Really need to lose more weight and fast!!!!!
I really can't. :( 
Had a really bad night last :(
@Cuddless_tears ily2 x

“@Thoughtsofaglrl: Girls love when you play with their hair” My one true weakness.
I'm so unlovable that someone would rather be dead than be in a relationship with me.
Ate so much today. Can't stop myself. :( I'm always going to be a big fat ugly lump of blubber.
Had a really bad night last night. Forgive me.
All I want to do is make myself sick. I'm just too fat for this world.
Feel so rubbish today. Can't take these feelings anymore.
I'm so sorry :( 
@Cuddless_tears well done. I'm so proud.
Really really want this. Is that too much to ask. 
What's even the point anymore.
I'm all alone and no one cares.
I'm here for anyone that needs someone.
Yeah "I'm fine" 
